👍【Folding&Portable Rebounder】The jump trampoline is easily folded twice to be 1/4 size. It saves much storage space and easy to carry, you can store conveniently under the bed, in the closet, or in car trunk. Portable for outdoor travel with your family, enjoy the entertainment from the mini trampoline.
UV printing
Premium Eco Friendly Material with No Odor: Only non-allergenic, non-toxic materials used; SGS tested to be free of phthalates
Boxing Speed Ball: PU material speed ball, connected to the spring can reach 90 degrees, hit the ball without sound, strong rebound
Weighs 100 lbs
25 lbs Adjustable Dumbbell: adjust weight from 5 lbs to 25 lbs, suitable for professional and beginner, bring rich exercises feeling during training for both.
Premium Materials - The stainless steel tube uses a multi-layer protective structure, 2mm thickened PU leather striking surfaces, it is tear resistance. The highly resilient EPE foam and fabric buffers reduce recoil and protect your hand.
High Quality Thickened Material: Made of top quality, durable PVC material, can withstand an onslaught of kicks and punches, and will always bounce back up for more.
🍄 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE: Customer Satisfaction is our top priority. If you have any problem with your yoga mat, please feel free to contact us and we’ll offer you a satisfying solution. No more hesitate, just add this yoga mat to your shopping cart and BUY IT NOW!
👊【ADJUSTABLE HEIGHT STAND】- The height of the punching ball stand is easily adjustable suit personal preferences and fit everyone’s needs, our punching ball is perfect for teens 13 and up, youth, adults, men and women to engage in a supreme boxing session.
THOUGHTFULLY SIZED: Measures 16.5" x 31" x 42" high
Free Backpacks and Straps : All yoga mats give away backpack and strap, which you can carry with you.
Product 1: 1/2 inch thick mat provides extra support, shock-absorption, and comfort
Please kindly note that due to a system issue the title did not update over, this is actually a 12lb Dumbbell. If you think 15lb dumbbells are too heavy and 10lb dumbbells are too small, then 12lb dumbbells are the best choice for you, hurry up and get moving.
PACKAGING: Ships inside a heavy-duty canvas sleeve. If our bags still arrive damaged, we will send a replacement ASAP just contact us and we'll take care of you 100% guaranteed.
VERSATILE & EASY TO USE – Just one band can strengthen and tone all of your muscles through a full range of motion. Ideal for home workouts, Pilates exercises, P90X, rehabilitation, outdoor workouts, and travel – use them anywhere!
Hand Wash
LIFETIME GUARANTEE - We want happy & satisfied customers, that's why we're giving you a full refund or replacement for life to ensure premium craftsmanship although we are always happy to resolve whichever problem occurs
Size: 24" Tall x 16" Wide x 16" Deep (Top) x 9" Deep (Bottom), Weight: Approximately 25 Lbs.
Occasion:perfect for any workouts, home exercises, Pilates, Bikram or Ashtanga yoga. (Coming with a yoga mat storage bag)
【ONE SIZE FITS ALL】 Waist wrap up to 5.1 inches width is wide enough to cover your stomach and slim your waist easily.Plus, this waist wrap band can adjust to whatever size you are. Our stomach wraps for belly fat allows you to snatch your waist accordingly.
✔ Stainless Steel Chain Size ✔ length: 22+2 inches. Width: 0.15 inches. Closure: Lobster claw. You can adjust the length to your liking, The chain is very strong and suitable for everyday wear.enjoy your baseball letter necklace.
【Corporate Merchant Service】:All my products support large-volume purchases by corporate sellers. We ship the goods directly from the factory and refuse the middlemen to make the difference.
Easily adjusts vertically up to 20” with four security pop-pins for every size user, from youth to super heavy weight
👊【Durable and Heavy duty Material】：HITOP Inflatable Punching Bag constructed of 0.35mm thick K80, which is thick, durable, and flexible.The main body of the blow up punching bag stand uses inner sealing splicing, and the surface is smooth and seamless to prevent skin damage. Heavy duty punching bag for both kids and adults.
CHEMICAL FREE COOLING & SUN PROTECTION - This neck gaiter is machine washable and reusable with permanent, chemical-free cooling fabric technology that will never wash out. It also provides UPF 50 sun protection.
Advanced darts: the included darts boast the following features: magnetic - safe for children, pets, or furniture. Aerodynamic - uses neodymium magnets and engineered with precision to ensure optimal throw and accuracy. Glow in the dark - The darts glow in the dark as well.
[Quality Material] The trainers are made from stainless steel with an electroplate paint layer, making it smooth as silk and make it rust proof.
FITNESS ORIENTED FUNCTIONALITY: Body Reapers seriously provide back support for gym, stabilizes the spine, increases intra-abdominal pressure thus preventing spine flexion, lifting belt increases velocity of the squat, lowers the rate of injury
【Make Workout More Efficient】The hand and leg weights add resistance and increase the effectiveness to home workouts and daily activities. Like walking, running, yoga, Jogging, Pilates, Pool, Foot Exercise, Core training, Cross Training, Swimming, Aerobics, Gymnastics, Travel and many other fitness exercises. Building muscle strength, improving balance, endurance, stability, assisting physical therapy, burning calories and more. You'll get awesome results more quickly than ever.
SWEAT FASTER, SWEAT HARDER: Activated by your elevated heart rate, Sweet Sweat gels are designed to help get you sweating harder and faster during exercise, so you can cut excess water
💪【SAFE & EAST TO USE】- resistance bands made of 100% Natural Latex and high-density nylon webbing make it more elastic and durable, safe and reliable. The optimized accessories like handles use the highest quality materials in the market, can guarantee your training goes perfectly, and Effectively help you to train full body muscles, building your core.
Finally a low priced, high performance, easy care, premium yoga mat that meets a wide variety of needs
SETS OF 5, 10 AND 15 LB KETTLEBELLS: Available in sets of 3 for your own preferences: 5 lb kettlebells, 10 lb kettlebells, 15 lb kettlebells weights
【Space Saving Clothes Hangers】 - Don’t worry about your most valued clothes, our magic hangers can help you organize your closet, so you can easily find your favorite dress. Perfect for downsizing: rooms, dorms, and apartments with limited storage space. You can store multiple garments on a single magic hanger rack, keeping clothes organized and wrinkle-free.
Junior throwing Buddy is the best way for kids to practice their throwing and grappling techniques
Exercise manual included.
Develops critical skills – Playing your way through the challenges builds spatial reasoning and planning skills, and is partly an engineering and building toy that provides a great stealth learning experience for young players
🥊【360° Swivel & Easy to Hang Up】Punching bag for adults equipped with 360° swivel keeps with hooks and 4 rotating stainless steel chains. Punching bag will rotate and bounce back after being hit. 4 expansion bolts,1 reinforced hanger,and 1 connecting carabiner.With these accessories you can easily install bag on the ceiling.
- HANDY YOGA MAT BAG - No more hassle carrying your yoga gears to and from the studio. These one-shoulder yoga bags are made of quality cotton canvas to hold your yoga mat. Bonus: the yoga bag comes with 1 Side pocket for your towel & water bottle and 1 interior Zippered Pocket for your phones, keys and wallet.
Exclusive ergonomic design: with extended wrist wrap secures glove tightly and adds stability. Adds resistance to your workouts and helps with hand speed, coordination as well as increased endurance. Strengthens and tones your arms and shoulders.
POWERFUL WRIST WRAPS SUPPORT – RYMNT workout gloves with integrated artificial wrist wraps wrap-around thumb protection covers the inside of the thumb that offers a superior training experience and superior wrist support with each and every work out. Most of all, the palm of Gloves are made of quality Microfiber, a durable and ultralight material.
💪【Portable and lightweight】easy to remove high quality elastic tension training equipment This product is very soft, absorbent and slip resistant.Exercise your arms, legs and back for sitting exercises. Suitable for women, men, the elderly, children.Shoulder exercises; hand exercises; at home, hotel rooms, offices and even outdoor private leg exercises.Suitable for cross fitter leadership pull-ups, muscle exercise, physical therapy, stretching exercises, strength training, etc.
Eco-friendly and sustainably sourced renewable rubber, 1/4″ thickness with excellent cushion and shock absorption
Reinforced heel and toe for enhanced durability in high-wear areas
Includes mounting screws
Adjustable closure
ADDITIONAL ACCESSORIES The RDX Speedball comes with an additional bladder that can be put in easily if needed as well as a metal swivel to hang the speed bag with swivel from any platform needed and allow it a complete 360 degree movement.
100% Other Fibers
Backed by Tikaton's Customer Satisfaction Promise.
❤【Tank Top Occasion】 Fashion and funny style, Suit for various baseball and softball games, Holiday, work, school, outdoor, hiking, traveling,causal, street, shopping and a variety of daily.
Durability - Adjustable ankle weight filled with high quality iron shot, add more resistance to your daily workout. Ankle weights for women use reinforced stitching and sturdy outer trim prevent the iron sand from leaking out while enhancing durability.
CARE: NBR naturally repels moisture for low-maintenance; Wipe with wet cloth/sponge to clean, air dry
WIDELY APPLICABLE:It is suitable for man or woman, teenager or child, even boxing trainer. You don't have to be a professional boxer to use boxing ball! Everyone can use it to train, have fun or release stres
nylon
PHOSPHATE-FREE, BIODEGRADEABLE, HYPOALLERGENIC alcohol-free will not degrade your mat. Don’t stress about cleaners with toxic chemicals encountering your body while you workout & practice. Pick Black Diamond Stoneworks and trust the products you use around you and your loved ones.
★PACK OF TWO YOGA KNEE PADS. For every purchase you make, you get two pieces of yoga knee pads, this great sport equipment, to make your exercise on your yoga mat even more comfortable.
Innovative Gift Ideas:These balls are a perfect gift for your baseball or softball player to play at night with for basbeall fun at night.Baseballs are perfect for League Play, Practice, Games, Competitions, Keepsakes, Arts and Crafts, Gifts, Trophies, Autographs, use it in any level of play.
[The best trainer to enhance your grip strength] Why limit your progress by using the same level of resistance day in and day out? Try GD IRON GRIP, the perfect hand grip strengthener. You can effectively improve your grip and hand strength by adjusting the resistance from 55 to 176lbs in 6 stages. You can also change the grip width in 3 stages to modify the range of motion when closing.
VERSATILE TURF SHOES DESIGNED FOR ANY FIELD: These turf baseball shoes are perfect for synthetic turf, grass, and dirt fields. The baseball turf shoes tread gives athletes max grip and explosive potential.
STRAW LID- is convenient and easy to use. Urbanifi is trademark registered.
👊 GREAT FOR HOME OR WORK ENVIRONMENTS Voted as Top Cool Gadgets of the year, Kill daily life stress at home or work tension at the job with these stress reliever office desk accessories
ABOUT B YOGA: Our B Mat is made in Spain. B YOGA is committed to creating sustainable and responsibly produced no-slip yoga mats and yoga equipment for home, gym, and studio workouts. The B Mat is made in thin and extra-thick versions for the ultimate versatility.
Comfort and Safty: With 3mm thickness and high resilience TPE material, protecting the safety of all levels of yoga enthusiasts
100% Textile
CONTROL FRIENDLY：Long-distance and 2.4GHZ anti-interference.Multiple sets of high speed rc toy car can compete together and these cars will go their own way without interfering with each other place for about 40 meters remote control
SWEAT RESISTANT: Closed-cell construction blocks from sweat, preventing the build up odors and makes cleaning a breeze.
Extra Thick (1/4" Thickness)
Dri-fit technology helps you stay dry and comfortable
THICKNESS&SIZE:6mm in thickness offers the most comfortable experience for all levels yoga.size 72x24in/183x61cm.
QUALITY THAT STAYS AT THE TOP: Body Reapers is dedicated to providing high quality workout equipment like lever belt made up of heavy duty dual inner calfskin leather secured by suede lining, with 4 inches width,10mm thickness and triple stitched weightlifting belt solution
UNFILLED PUNCHING BAG:The sandbag is empty, you can fill in rag, saw dust, sand, cotton, etc.
QUALITY INFLATABLES: Whoobli inflatable toys are manufactured with reinforced seams and a unique double-lock air valve that keeps air in for longer, so these inflatable bop toys can always go for another round!
☀【Upgraded Anti-Skid Design】This yoga mat has been upgraded with a non-slip texture. Double-sided sticky non-slip texture provides excellent traction and superior grip, without sacrificing comfort. Best suitable to practice many forms of yoga. Non slip on wood floor, tile floor, cement floor.
Excellent Value for Money,
Unique Animal Pattern: Cute and pretty fox design increase the children's interest in yoga exercise. Kids need exercise and these chips entice them to move, stretch and calm down
Package Includes: 2 yoga block plus 1 extra long yoga strap combo set, you also can choose your favorite colors - Black, Purple, Blue & Rose.
💪【Professional & Premium Material】The upgraded loading pin is made of thicken steel, fitted with a 5cm widen detachable pipe sleeve to fit both Olympics and Standard weight plates, max weight loads up to 280 lb; the bottom increased sponge to ensure your floor from damage. 360° rota-table silent pulley, ensure quiet and stable of the pulley system operation; Comes with two sizes(70" & 90") high-level cable to meet your various exercise ways.
👊【Soft & Safe &Packable】：It features high designed with cute chick patterns so that all your families will be boosted for fun. It is an inflatable products, soft and safe to punch. Easily packed by inflate or deflate the air.
HOURS OF HEALTHY FUN: Growing kids are full of energy - and that energy has to go somewhere. TOCO FREIDO punching bag with stand is modeled on pro boxing equipment, so even if it’s hard for you to get them into sports or outdoor toys, this is different! Wait for it… because they’ll be begging you DAILY to put on their punching mitts and wear themselves out!
Pair - ankle & wrist weights comes in 2 ankle weights, total weights (each ankle weight) up to 6 lbs, 2 PACK of ankle weights up to 12 lbs. Weights come in different weight levels for you to choose from. [Regular Weight] Green - 1 lb (×2), Purple - 1.5 lbs (×2), Dark Blue - 2 lbs (× 2), Black - 2.5lbs (×2), Grey - 3 lbs (×2), Sky Blue - 5 lbs (×2), Dark Grey - 6lbs (×2).
Versatile Use Meditation Pillow – Improve your yoga poses, restore your posture and deepen relaxation with the cylindrical yoga bolster pillow. The firmness of the pranayama yoga floor cushion allows you to stretch into many Yin yoga poses; yoga pillow helps relieve stress and tension.
Non Toxic and Eco Friendly
👊【Shock Absorbing System】: 4 springs deliver 15-45° fast-rebound, 2 absorbers achieve 360° shock and noise absorption during your boxing, punching, hitting, kicking. The enfolding fillet welding tech in the connection guarantees decades of kicks and hits possible.
DURABLE CONSTRUCTION - Solid cast iron is coated with color-coded vinyl to pro-tect floors – great for gyms, at-home use, and outdoor workouts
- EXPERIENCE THE VERSATILITY: These are more than just chin-up support bands. Thoughtfully sized at 41”, you can use them for stretching, muscle-ups, dips, jump training, or as strength training resistant bands for men and women.
Lightweight (2 lbs) - Cordless - 1.5 hr battery life - Travel-friendly (TSA approved carry-on)
Punch bag has a sleek tear-drop design that cuts through the air ensuring a fast and balanced rebound with a lightweight latex bladder included
✓  ★★★★ 'TNT' Home use boxing kick bag
Comes complete with rubber bladder and two cables
CONSTRUCTION – Steel construction with a black powder coat finish for maximum strength and durability
Designed with high-quality Canvas, it is a practical and durable punch bag, will enhance your endurance, speed and accuracy It is a great workout tool for home or gym use.
SPECIAL FEATURES: Our yoga mats include a free yoga library of online content with purchase and a lifetime guarantee warranty. Our yoga mats are non toxic and latex free so you can feel healthy after each workout session.
Good Material: It is made of soft PU and sponge, highly elastic EVA, and a steel frame, which gives it good wear resistance, corrosion resistance, and deformation resistance. So you can use it for a long time.
DIMENSIONS: 24" x 72" (61 cm x 183 cm) x 6.0mm in thickness
USE IT ANYWHERE, while walking, traveling (car, airplane, bus), in office, school, watching TV or any place you want to exercise, WITHOUT WORRY about the ball falling and rolling away
STRONG AFTER SERVICE: We commit to provide excellent and professional after sales service to every customer so you can be worry free, enjoy your item and start enhancing your health now
Applicable people: Bodybuilding people, sports people, student tribes, company white-collar workers, addicted gamers, work-suppressors, and strong people.
GREAT FOR STUDIO RESALE - Each mat is individually shrink-wrapped
Maximize your results and target core muscles with our travel ready weighted hula hoop! Get an easy massage hooping on your belly for comfort and satisfaction.
Included Components: Assembly Instructions
FISTRAGE Speed Ball Swivel Fixed Punch Bag is made up of top-grade Microfiber Artificial Leather, reinforced seams and robust lacing, the FISTRAGE Speed Ball is built to last your multiple training sessions.
【Foldable & Portable】: Can be folded for easy move and storage. Easy to put together with few pieces. Simply attach a speed bag or a heavy punching bag to this stand to suit your personal needs.
1.Material: PU leather
Anti-Slip! High Resilience !Double Layer Design & Double Protection! Double Side Color! Sturdy & Durable - Anti-tear, Long lasting quality, longer than other mats; Non slip on wood floor, tile floor, cement floor...all floors
HIGH QUALITY OUTFIT: This 2-piece active jogger set includes a performance t-shirt and a pair of matching tech pants; Skin-friendly, high-quality cotton fabric of this tee breathes well to keep your active boy comfortable and cool on a hot day; This boys' summer outfit for outdoor sports and activities is also perfect as everyday loungewear
☑️ EASY TO READ: Large LCD Multi-function display makes it the perfect fitness monitor for Everyone. It also shows the current time even if in repose.
💪★ Multifunctional ★ – For anyone who wants to build strength, burn fat, and create a shapely body, free weight training with dumbbells is more effective than exercise machines. For any multi-joint movement that targets major muscle groups of the body, such as abdominal, chest, pectoral muscles, biceps, triceps. Dumbbells are great workout equipment, Their compact design allows you to get a workout in spaces you can’t fit a barbell or weight machine!
Safety buckle: Equipped with safety buckle, convenient to hang up the speed ball.Easy to store: Release the air when not in use to facilitate storage; use a pump to inflate when in use.
Gym Applicable: It is suitable for anyone who needs to do some workout or doing a plank on the balance board.
SET YOUR GOALS - Start your fitness journey w/ clear training goals in mind; Note down up to 6 fitness goals w/ target dates and strategize how you plan to achieve them
The Apex Speed Bag merges the traditional benefits of the past with the modern materials and intricate detailing of today
Great Gift for Fitness Enthusiasts: With this useful and fashionable workout tool, surprise your loved ones. Perfect for special occasions like holidays and birthdays.
ATTENTION - The elastic of this vest should be at the waist. Please look carefully at the direction of wear on the pictures.
【Suitable for Physical Therapy】The resistance bands for physical therapy are extremely effective at muscle strength, mobility and motor function, and reduce joint pain. The resistance bands set can help improve the living ability of functional elderly, improve athletes’ sports performance, and help treat many chronic diseases and also help you increase coordination, boost stamina, flexibility, range of motion, exercise different muscle groups.
Sport type: Excercise & Fitness
STRONG STEEL BELT BUCKLE SECURITY: Body Reapers presents a strong security solution with steel adjustable lever buckle weightlifting belt; non-slip steel buckle is built to protect all from Olympic lifting to new workout lovers; great for heavy weightlifting like squats and deadlift
★ Extra Thick Yoga knee pads: Our yoga knee pad and fitness pad is constructed of 15mm thick high density, high quality gel foam that has a non-slip surface to stay in place. Overall knee pad measurements: 7.75” x 7.75” x 20mm thick foam
Screen printed with the Lil' Dragon logo on one side, and colored shapes and numbers on the other for target practice.
SAFETY KEY: This heavy-duty treadmill with incline has an integrated safety key emergency shutoff function to cut power instantly for a safe workout. Ideal for walking, jogging, endurance training, weight loss, and cardio fitness
★ EXCEPTIONAL PERFORMANCE ★ – The 1.2 mm diamond knurl provides the perfect amount of grip. 5 needle bearings per sleeve (10 total) provides great whip for weightlifting, yet enough stiffness for squats, deadlifts, and presses. Plus, its durable construction means a loaded Regional Barbell can withstand drop after drop, even from overhead.
Constructed with 100%, top-quality leather that will take thousands of rounds of punishment
QUALITY CONSTRUCTION: Made of strong steel wire with a durable coating; Instructions and hardware are included for quick assembly; EASY CARE: Clean with damp cloth
COTTON BLEND
CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot clean with damp cloth with cold water and mild detergent, Dry flat. Pls don't exposed to the sun for extended periods of time.
INCLUDES AIR PUMP: To make setup even easier, we included an air pump so you can quickly assemble your child's new challenger. With durable materials, easy setup, and bounce-back action, your child will be releasing energy and training their skills for hours!
QUALITY MATERIAL: Our kids socks are made of 80% cotton, 15% polyamide and 5% elastane to ensure they are soft, comfortable, stretchy and breathable.
Approximately 16” (across) x 32” (length) and weighs about 60lbs
ESCAPE THE TAPE!! With Nubs, there's no more dealing with bunched-up, sweaty tape that falls off mid-WOD and leaves your skin and equipment sticky. Weightlifting thumb sleeves prevents your finger skin from tearing and protect your current rips and blisters so you can ditch the messy and expensive athletic tape for good.
【Best Service】If you have any questions about your order or our product, please contact our team. We are available 24 hours a day and we will reply to you as soon as possible.
【Multi-Purpose】Keep your yoga mats, workout mat, foam rollers, knee support mat organized with our floor rack with ease. Ideal for apartments, condos, dorm rooms, garage gym, workout room and more.
EASY STORAGE: When you're finished with your training session, simply roll the bag to the side for easy storage. The non-marking base ensures your floors remain clean and unscathed.
【Quality Guarantee】 - Customer satisfaction is of utmost importance to us. We're confident you'll love our magic hangers and other storage organization solutions. If you are not fully satisfied, please contact us, Our customer service team will get you taken care of and work with you to make it right!
PRO-DUTY WOOD CONSTRUCTION: Goes with internal bracing (on 3 largest sizes) for maximum strength for a non-slip surface on the top and to support heavy-weight athletes, HIIT, MMA
✔ PROTECT YOUR HANDS - The cushioned palms provides comfort and support, and gives you a reliable hold on weights. Say goodbye to painful calluses, hand blisters, hand rips, and skin tears. Experience these uniquely designed weightlifting gloves that offer both men and women a superior and pleasant training experience with each and every work out.
【Optimal Thickness】 1/4 inch in thickness, provides the optimal level of cushion and protection for your joints and knees while still allowing you to grip the floor for balance. Other mat that is too thick will bring down the stability of the mat while a thin one will leave you bruised knees.
MAT-COVER : Size 70.8*26inch, thickness 1MM. Made of Superfine fiber (printed surface) + imported natural rubber. good water absorption, absorbable Sweat, non-slip, and increased friction during exercise; 1mm thickness, can be used alone or with a thick yoga mat, clean and hygienic; foldable, light and portable. All-in-one product and perfect for hot yoga.
Dimensions: 72"L x 24"W
Perfect heavy bag for Boxing,MMA, Muay Thai and contact sport athletes alike to practice kicks, footwork and punches Build strength, tone and condition your body with a muscle building aerobic workout, training and the right fitness equipment.
Extremely Strong Double Rings Workout Handles: These gym handles won’t cut up your hands, and are wide enough for big hands to fit in without pinching the sides.. The double ring builds confidence for the heavier weights.
🥊ENJOY THE BOXING FUN - Kids punching bag toy provides hours of entertainment fun. Occupy their time in boxing exercise, instead of watching TV or mobile phone, which helps to enhance the child's physique, strength, build confidence, release pressure, improve hand-eye coordination. Serves as the ideal indoor-outdoor activity
Full grain leather construction
Occasion:The hourglass shape that can help you improve your body, suitable for wearing anytime, anywhere, such as daily life, running, Pilates yoga, surfing, cycling, jogging, hiking, muscle training, dynamic stretching, postpartum recovery, etc. It is available in black, purple, Leopard and Rose Leopard.
DISCOUNT YOGA SET / KIT OFFER: Buy two or more YDL products and get 10% or more off your order. Scroll down to Promotions section for codes.
4-WAY STRETCH FABRIC: Athletic shirt features nylon spandex fabric for maximum mobility & comfort. Breathable, sweat wicking fabric keeps you dry throughout your workout or training session.
MUST HAVE ITEM FOR SUMMER. If you have to go exposure under the sun, this cool towel is one thing you must have, it will help you lot to prevent the sunburn and cool you down as long as it's still wet.
✅ BAG GLOVES: JP Bag gloves are made of Rex Leather with soft padding, to protect your hands when working out on the Heavy bag.
【Product Details】3.9”L, 2.35”W, 12.2”H; Material: Iron; Color: Black with some gold.
ERGONOMIC HANDLE - strong non-slip handle designed for safely performing swings, rows, squats, presses, curls, and twists.
The sandbag is empty, can put things like rag, saw dust, sand, beans in it. After padded, the sandbag can absorb shock to decrease the impacts and protect your bones
--MULTIPLE FILLINGS: You can fill the empty sandbag with rag, saw dust, sand, or beans in it, ideal for developing hand and foot technique and building nice body.
HG-Steel Chains with S-hooks are known for their outstanding holding strength, prime fixture stability that make them extra sturdy. Tethered loop facility at the bottom resists excessive movement.
All Your Little Boxer Needs In One Box! The weighted stand with the elastic spring can be adjusted to 80 to 110 cm (30" - 43") depending on your kid’s needs. The stitched punching bag can be inflated in no time, while the quality-made boxing gloves are sturdy enough to withstand wear and tear in the hands of little boxers. Key Product Features
【Easy-move & store】This foldable rowing machine has built-in transport wheels which make it easy to move the rower without lifting.Stored dimensions when folded: 23.6''L 19.6''W.Real space saver,only occupying 0.3㎡.
Excellent flexibility allows you to maintain balance in any exercise style. The moisture-proof technology makes the mat easy to clean with soap and water.
Measures 72 " x 36 " x 1/4"
Non Slip Design: Double-sided Anti-slip surface design provides optimal grip, excellent cushioning and double-sided non-slip texture, best suitable to practice many forms of Yoga
School and Home Use: Mats can be used at school or at home. Great activity for kids and babies to calm down and be more mindful!
Expansion screws included for easy installation
YOGA BALL INFLATION METHOD - Each product will be equipped with an inflatable tube, you can apply it to easily fill the yoga ball with air. Please note that for better recycle using, we recommend that you only need to fill 70% to 80% of the air.
10MM THICKNESS WITH 4 INCH BACK SUPPORT: Our leather belt doesn't break, tear, or wear out like other weight belts made from cheap materials. Our comfortable powerlifting gym belt has contoured fitting with 10MM thickness. The belt has pre broken high quality strong leather that is extremely comfortable and durable. This belt will help you lift maximum weight. The triple stitching means that this weight belt will last many years without any wear or tear on its parts
"Tough Guy" lifelike graphics provide a great target for aimed mixed martial arts assaults
🎁Invisible design: Wearing a Waist Trainer with daily clothes will not leave any traces of embarrassment, help you shape a good body anytime and anywhere, You can wear this waist trimmer in home, work, party, wedding, gym or yoga studio.
𝐍𝐎𝐍-𝐒𝐋𝐈𝐏 𝐆𝐑𝐈𝐏: Our cork yoga mat non slip is designed to help you maintain a solid grip, which is vital for many intermediate to advanced poses. The thick yoga mat's sweat-absorbing cork layer absorbs and dissipates moisture through the waterproof buffer layer, making it resistant to degradation. This cork yoga mat eco friendly thick becomes gripper and more nonslip as you exercise.
Package width :39.37 cm
A PERFECT FIT FOR REGULAR USE! The 3 feet punching bag is a perfect fit for regular punching by adults. The high-quality synthetic leather, perfect stitching, and heavy-duty nylon straps function extremely well and will serve you for a long time. The heavy-duty chain and swivel and a D-ring on the bottom ensure the ultimate wrist safety. The shock resiliency ensures the best punching experience without hurting your hands.
👊 SPRINGS BACK IN PLACE WITH EASE: Designed for optimal and safe use, our free standing kickboxing bag features a strong, durable spring at the base of the shaft. This allows the spring mounted punching bag to bounce back into position every time after every hit.
👊 PERFECT FOR STRESS RELIEF, WORKOUT SESSIONS & MMA TRAINING: Put on a pair Boxing Gloves (Not Included) and safely knock out your frustrations or switch up your fitness regime with our punching ball set. It will help raise your heart rate for a great workout while helping you develop timing, speed and accuracy of hand and eye coordination.
For ADULTS and KIDS with Stress, Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, ADD/ADHD, OCD, Autism, High Anxiety levels, Arthritis, and who need Stress Reduction, Rehabilitation, Stroke Recovery, Muscle Memory, Finger, Grip Strength
Repairs and annual maintenance requests are supported directly from NordicTrack
【100% GUARANTEED】 You will get 1x Red Band; 1x Black Band; 1x Purple Band; 1x Green Band; 1x Storage Bag; 1x User Manual. All rogue monster bands come with a 3-month money-back/replacement guarantee and a 24-month product defect-free replacement warranty.
Protect your muscles anytime, anywhere with small exercise equipment
USE ON FINGERS TOO! -Not only are these great for the Hook Grip, but these reusable, washable thumb sleeves, can be used for other fingers too! Protect those fingers from nasty blisters and open sores that come with doing pullups, barbell work, snatches, deadlifts and kettlebell work. We suggest sizing down if they will be used on fingers.
Upgraded version With a punching ball, more training methods
Athlete & Coach Approved!
QUALITY INTERIOR : Our hanging punching bag is filled with 100% shredded cotton fabric. PROLAST's heavy bag can also be filled to adjust to your personal preference
ECO FRIENDLY: Recycled PET microfiber top layer is made using 15 plastic bottles. Base layer is made with sustainable, non-Amazonian natural tree rubber. All of our beautiful designs are printed with water-based inks.
【Safety & Environmental 】:Cooling towel for head is made of hyper-evaporative breathable microfibers material,No chemicals are used in the cooling towels manufacturing process, and no chemical additives and peculiar smells are produced.You can use it with confidence.
Ideal for prop-based lyengar yoga
👊 RESILIENT SPRING KEEPS COMING BACK FOR MORE The durable spring bounces the punching boxing stress ball back every time you hit it so that you can keep going until you're calm, White Elephant Gift, Secret Santa gifts
PERFECT POSITION - Arms extend 7.5 feet from corner
The tethering loop at the lower-end of the bag connects the loop at the bottom with the floor anchor to avoid excessive movement. This provides stability and the tether loop can be connected to any floor anchor or floor hook to get rid of excessive movement and sway due to heavy punches and kicking.
elastic closure
THE SUPLES STRONG model Bulgarian Bag. One bag Several Weights & Special Strap Handles allow for high variety of Exercises.
✔【Speed Bag】: This heavy bag features High density PU padding that absorbs shock from most types of punches to provide a comfortable hitting surface, offers ideal resistance and superior quality, with no bladders or air pump requirements.
PERFECT FOR ANY ACTIVITY & OCCASION: Our most popular mat! The Jade Harmony Mat is 3/16” thick, providing great traction, cushion, and stability for standing poses. It's the perfect mat for every occasion, for any activity, and for any level!
Textured, non-slip surface
4 height adjustments from 37" to 52" and a rounded base for easy roll relocation.
VERY FLEXIBLE：Punching Bag with Stand is very flexible, can enhance your endurance, speed and accuracy, even strengthen your body through long term use.
YOGA STRAP: An essential yoga accessory and prop to help you deepen stretches and improve flexibility while allowing your shoulders to relax for proper alignment - if you feel tight, grab a strap and don’t risk injury by over-extending
Classic colors with colored tassels
Unique Yoga Mat Hanger:Free combination, suitable for any size yoga mat. It can save floor space, stylish and simple design is the first choice for home gym decor.
Faux Leather
【HOUSE EXERCISE HELPER】A safe and healthy way for both keeping fit or stress buster. The convenient punching bag will help your child develop a habit of loving sports.
ALL-INCLUDED: Comes with straps that allow for height adjustment, 4 removable clips, 1 large carabiner clip.
LIGHTWEIGHT AND PORTABLE: The JadeYoga Travel Yoga Mat is a lightweight and portable option for yoga enthusiasts. Weighing a mere 3 pounds and measuring only 1/8" thick, 24" wide, and available in 68" and 74" lengths, it is easy to carry and convenient to store in a backpack or tote bag. Designed for individuals who are frequently on the move, whether traveling, commuting, or changing locations, this mat is specifically engineered to accompany you wherever you venture.
Boxing Equipment Includes: 1 x Inflatable punching ball, 1 x boxing glove set, 1 x Inflator, 1 x base, 1 x Stand
☀FUNCTION WORKOUT SHAPEWEAR CORSETS:Our weight loss waist trainer also smooths your post baby stomach flab,Ideal for providing compression and support for after pregnancy,postpartum recovery or c section surgery,Excellent choice as a postpartum belly wrap because it provides a firm support to your waist and flattens your stomach with an easily adjustable waist trimmer band,and can be used during work, daily outfit, workout, fitness or sauna.
Feature: waterproof surface repels sweat and dirt, Slip resistant, durable and tear resistant, high-temperature resistant
Regular fit is close to the body, offering a semi-fitted feel that follows the shape of the body
TWO VERSATILE SIZE OPTIONS - 20LB set comes with weights of: 5LB, 7.5LB, 10LB, 12.5LB, 15LB, 17.5LB, 20LB. And a 40LB set with weights of: 7.7LB, 12.3LB, 17.8LB, 23.7LB, 29.7LB, 35.2LB, 40LB
Filled.
MADE TO LAST - Made of premium chloroprene rubber for comfort, this weighted vest stays super rigid, breathable, soft and elastic even under extreme conditions, ideal for all sports lovers.
FLEXIBLE, VENTILATION & COMFORT - The weight lifting gloves wrist Wraps are tightened and loosened with sticky Hook & Loop, providing the user the ability to adjust to their personal comfort. Vented stretch mesh material fabric on back provide your hands with comfortable and breathable while doing intense workouts.
THERABAND FlexBar Red is 12" long, 1 1/2" diameter, made from dry natural rubber, takes 10 pounds of force to bend to a U-shape, THERABAND FlexBar Green is 12" long, 1 3/4" diameter, made from dry natural rubber, takes 15 pounds of force to bend to a U-shape
GREAT FOR ANY OCCASION: Perfect as party favors, giveaways, game prizes, gifts, loot bag fillers and more.
UNIQUE DESIGH: Our Advanced Printing Technology makes these mats colorful and eye-catching which can eventually add more motivation and enthusiasm to your yoga exercise. These attractive patterns will also freshen you up during your yoga practice! It is also a perfect gift for your your friends and families
★ Multiple use : We designed this extra thick knee pad not only for Yoga, Pilates etc fitness use, but also for gardening ,bathing your kids, or as a seat pad.
    Note:To fill the bottom of the water or sand, fill the water as much as possible, so as to inflate the column, in order to stand up, otherwise there will be pillars stand straight or easy to fall.
【ANTI-SKID DESIGN】: Yoga mat features a textured sticky non-slip surface for excellent traction and superior grip and a stylish reversible two color design to suit any mood and keep you motivated and focused.
Leather reinforcement inside where each strap is attached. This heavy bag does not come with cheap zipper closure on top, It has Unique lace-up closing system on top of the bag which is durable than any other heavy bags available on the market, so no worry of RING TO CAGE branded punching bag to be popped from top as it does not come with any zipper closure. so you can also use this bag as a ground and pound dummy bag for MMA training
GYM ANKLE STRAPS:Heavy Duty D-ring, super-comfortable nylon padding with velcro,adjust with your ankle size and suitbale.Our ankle wraps for cable machine can attached to gym machine,also can use at home with resistance band door anchor. These ankle pads can be used for kickbacks, leg raises, hip abduction and more
3 BOXING REFLEX BALLS ,3 DIFFICLUTY LEVELS:Are you worrying about it's difficult to get the hang? The black ball is specifically designed to be much easier for novices. Once you could dominate it, change to the red ball. Watch out the red ball, it's much more active. When you could dominate the red ball, you can try the green ball(60g) which is the most difficult. It is more heavier. You may be knockout technically.
EXCEPTIONAL GRIP AND STABILITY: Crafted from natural rubber, this mat provides an exceptional non-slip grip for both men and women during yoga practice. The stability of the mat ensures confidence in holding poses and performing exercises effortlessly. Enjoy the cushioning it offers, allowing you to concentrate on your yoga routine without any distractions. Stay grounded and focused with our Travel Yoga Mat, perfect for maintaining balance during yoga and other fitness activities.
BalanceFrom GoYoga Series 7-piece set includes: 1 yoga mat with carrying strap, 2 yoga blocks, 1 yoga mat towel, 1 yoga hand towel, 1 stretch strap, 1 yoga knee pad
Additional Shipping Will Apply
👉【EASY TO SET UP & EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE】The treadmill will come with most assembled, taking roughly 15 minutes to assemble the remaining part . We provide 24/7 friendly customer service, if you have any problem with our product, please fell free to contact with us through Amazon.ONE YEAR WARRANTY！
✅ All-Round Selections & All-Purpose: Multi-size, multi-function are available to your choice. Please refer to our Size Chart and Purchase Guides to select the gloves that suit you best. Trideer gym gloves is suitable for a variety of exercises and working out, weight Lifting, pull up, rowing, fitness, gym training and general workouts etc, it is also a good choice when you need to do some tough work with your hands.
Dropped shoulder with hoodie
Hook and Loop closure
Renaissance dresses for women red renaissance dresses for women long renaissance dress plus size women renaissance dress plus size green renaissance dress child prom dress bridesmaid dress wedding party dress evening dress birthday party dress womens renaissance dress cloak womens renaissance dress red womens renaissance dress purple renaissance dress for women renaissance dress for women plus size renaissance dress for women with corset
PERFECT GIFT- This unique flask wide-mouthed water bottle is a great gift for a softball or baseball fan of any team. Buy one for yourself and gift one to a friend for their birthday, Christmas, Father’s Day, Mother’s Day, senior graduation, anniversary and more.
[No drilling required for boxing pads]Our boxing equipment does not require drilling holes in the wall, just attach it to the wall with the Velcro we provide.
OmFoam CUSH The world's first yoga mat built using the technology in premium athletic footwear. Giving you the ultimate CUSH and GRIP for those hard workouts and poses.
This product uses the PVC safe non-toxic material streamline design, without any prominent, the protection of security. Wear resistant, seam smooth, the bottom of the water is increased, easy to use, inflatable will be able to play.
【Prevent Injuries】 It also comfortably cushions spine, hips, Knees and elbows on hard floors, exceptional resilience allow you to keep your balance during any exercise style.
★ 【 FEATURES 】 Quick Dry, Anti-Odor, 4-Way Stretch, Lightweight, Breathable, Ultra-Soft, Fitted, Tag-Free -- Perfect for your basic needs and everyday acitivities. Offers maximum stretch while being lightweight, comfortable, and snug fitting.
Our luxurious vintage brown leather punching bag is handcrafted combining high technology is made for heavy training, perfect for any home gym, boxing gym, hotel gym or even as a statement decorative item within your home.
HOW HEALTHY? - Very! Our mat is made from Vegan suede.
UNITED STATES-BASED PRODUCTION: All of our mats are made in the United States. "American-made" to us means quality and assurance, giving us much more control over the materials used in our products and the production process from start to finish.
--DELICATE STITCHING: With solid stitching, the pouching bag won't easily split or tear.
Custom Name Soft Fleece Blanket.Gift for Son Daughter Mom Dad etc.
FIGHT BACK & NECK PAIN: Used as a neck rehabilitation device for injury or whiplash, the Iron Neck is the standard for neck exercises to improve mobility and rotation in just minutes a week.
【Top Quality Material】Our stepper is made from ABS material which is environmentally friendly and non-toxic, no smell. With Shock-absorbing surface, risers stay in place, which prevents you from sliding or slipping and allows you to focus on your positioning. Heavy duty construction for 550 lbs. weight capacity.
HEAVY-DUTY CAST IRON RUCK WEIGHT: Constructed of heavy-gauge cast iron and covered with a Black paint coating finish, Yes4All ruck weight stands for years without corrosion or breaking apart.
Anti-skid silent gasket can reduce the noise.Good dumbbell bars replacement accessories.
Multifunctional dumbbells, perfect for overall health, balance, and weight management, they’re also great for aerobics, cardio, yoga, and strength-building.
★ Material: made out of high quality eco-friendly PU foam. Thus, it will not absorb moisture during your exercise and can easily be washed in warm water and soap then dried with a towel.
EXCEPTIONAL RESILIENCE with Soft fit of yoga mat TPE protects your joints while double-sided 6mm thick construction is not only tear resistant but also provides exceptional balance during all exercises at home gym.
Measures 72 " x 24" x 1/4"
【Easy to Installation】: This workout mat holder comes with all necessary mounting hardware for your convenience.
COMFORT - Extra-large handles give ample space for hands and are seamless for a smooth, comfortable grip
🥊【High Quality Material】 The multi-layer sandbag features water-resistant and sweat-proof PVC surface for better punching experience. You can replace the sandbag filled with other objects no more than 220 lbs. Meanwhile, the resilient speed bag is made of premium material, which rebounds flexibly and contributes to environment protection.
Space-saving & Portable: The oxford cloth and mesh cloth made sandbag is lightweight and foldable, and weight bags are free to take out, allowing you to fold it up and store in little space or carry with you effortlessly.
CONTACT SPORTS ESSENTIAL: These Amber ToughTek heavy bags are the bags everyone needs in their arsenal. Buy them Unfilled/Empty
💡 HANG YOUR DRUMSET LIGHT ANYWHERE: place your engraved wall hanging in any interior room of your choice, including the living room, music room or bedroom
INNOVATIVE 2-IN-1 FOLDING TREADMILL — Compared to ordinary treadmills, our 2-in-1 Superfit treadmill has 2 modes to meet your different sports needs, so you can easily have a healthy body. When the handrail is raised, the running speed is 1-12km/h. When the riser is folded, it can be used as an under desk treadmill at a speed of 1-4km/h. And the speed unit could be switched between mile and km in APP.
Baseball Gifts:This Baseball jewelry is the perfect gift for Teen boys,Men,friends, Dad, father, boyfriends,sons,Coach,Team and baseball lovers.Baseball Gifts Perfect for Birthday, father's day,Valentine's Day, back to school ,Christmas, father's day, Baseball Game.
▨OPTIMUM THICKNESS YOGA MAT - Size: 72inch x 24inch x 1/4 inch. This 6mm fitness mat offers excellent cushioning and resilience, wich is suitable for all all level Yogis. Professional alignment lines help you to focus and adjust your positions.large yoga mat can satisfy all yoga, pilates, and general floor exercise needs for women and men!
ENSURES INCREASED FUNCTIONALITY! While the nylon straps ensure safety and security, the double end loop helps increase functionality. If you are looking for a punching bag that you can use for long without any fear of wear & tear, DMoose punching bag is all you need!
LIGHTWEIGHT& EASY TO CARRY: The yoga mat is light enough to carry to the gym or anywhere you want.
Portable Size: 183cm/72" long, 61cm/24" wide, 1.5mm thick, this light and thin yoga mats fold up to fit into a backpack or roll up to carry with the bundle yoga travel strap. Pack this compact hot yoga mat with you to any fitness workout exercise, it's the ideal travel yoga mats for women and girls on the go.
ATTACHMENT INCLUDE: The package comes with Cable Bar, Pin/Pipe Safety Set, J-Hooks, Landmine, Dip Bars, T bar, LAT Bar attachment, Band Pegs and an extra standard barbell holder, providing a variety of exercises for example Wide & Narrow LAT Pull-down, Landmine Movements, Seated cable row, Bench press, Squat, Dead-lifts, Bicep Curl, Triceps Extensions, Pull-ups, Chin-ups, Dips and more.
LENGTH AND WIDTH: Large enough for any yoga pose, meditation, stretching, light cardio or barefoot bodyweight exercise. KIUI PRO mats provide much more space to practice.
The light ups are very popular and stand on a night table, desk, dresser or table. Free Standing. Color Changing. The night light lamp has 16 different color options and a remote control with 4 light settings (fade, flash, strobe, smooth). Can be Used as a table lamp, desk lamp or night light. It looks terrific with a name engraved because the engraving lights up in the light. It's cool.
Sturdy and durable: Constructed from high-quality materials, this boxing punching bag is built to last. It can withstand impact and prolonged use, ensuring it can endure both light workouts and intense training sessions, allowing you to enjoy boxing training for the long term
Material: Made of PU leather, with tight seams, soft and able to withstand repeated blows.
LIGHTWEIGHT under 2 pounds making it easy to carry with you when travelling.
SAVE SPACE - 7 kettlebells in one allows you to easily store these in any room, office, or closet for convenient training.
Reinforced loop
SUSTAINABLE - OmFoam - Ultimate Green technology - Renewable, Reduces the Carbon Footprint, and rejuvenates eco-systems. Our mats clean 1,636 liters of water and 1,025 cubic meters of air.
SUSTAINABLE: We are committed to giving back to the Earth with every product sold. With Trees for the Future, we have planted over one million trees since 2006.
Durable engineered leather cover
Canvas
Filled: Our punching bag has been filled with steel balls to start fitness as soon as you receive it. Zipper closure so you can change the filling to suit your needs. This bag is perfect for boxing enthusiasts and beginners with a length of 14.5 inches and a weight of 65 lbs.
Portability dedicated pouch provided
【MAGNETIC RESISTANCE QUIET RIDE】With the 8-levels magnetic resistance adjustment system, you can change the tension level to meet your workout demands, relaxed or intense, armature or professional. Different from traditional chain wheel, magnetic wheel exercise bike is so smooth and quiet that you can have a wonderful cycle at home without disturbing your family.
PRODUCT - POWRX Exercise Yoga Mat Non-slip Including Carrying Strap + Practical Bag And Therefore Easy Transport
ERGONOMIC SMART DESIGN: It helps users strengthen targeted muscles, ligaments, tendons, joints; Solid wood layer and soft anti-slip rubber surface fit up to shoe size 11; The wobble board for standing desk also provides anti-scratch base that keeps your floor from damages
80% Cotton / 15% Polyamide / 5% Elastane
✔SUPER FLEXIBLE AND COMFORTABLE - Made of adjustable stretchy & durable, 100% Latex-Free Neoprene, the finest neoprene fabric in the market. Wearing this sauna trainer you can do the same workouts as usual. Special punching technology & tiny air permeable holes for comfortable wear.
Double Sided Anti - Slip Texture and Double Layer Anti - Tear : Special sticky non slip texture on both sides and density higher than ordinary yoga mats, Double layer structure coupled with a non-slip textured surface provides optimal grip without sacrificing comfort , best suitable to practice many forms of yoga.
Big wall mounted uppercut bag(L) can be adjusted in height, it's convenience for you to do different boxing training.
Classic engraved logo detailing with leather laced accents
PROFESSIONAL COMPETITION GRADE WRIST SUPPORT
🎁Multiple Functions: This Waist Trainer is a great tool to help flatten your abdomen, provide back support, and improve poor posture. Suitable for daily fitness and postpartum repair wear. It can be a gift to mom or sister, as well as a Christmas or birthday present.
Build strength, tone and condition your body with a muscle building aerobic workout, training and the right gym equipment
ANY TEMP - Tackle your pain and inflammation with the power of cold therapy, or turn up the heat to reduce tension and aches.
SATISFACTORY SERIVCE - We will tries our best to improve product quality and peace of mind 100% satisfaction service. If you have any question, please feel free to contact us and we offer 24 hours friendly customer service.
✅Black Exercise Handles - Are essential training equipment for all fitness enthusiast. Use them to isolate your muscles and stimulate growth. Each handle supports up to 350 pounds each. One size fits all. Non-Slip rubber handle will survive through the most intense workouts! Your training won't longer be the same with these cable machine handles...
DURABLE - High-quality closed-cell construction keeps the mat dry. Easy to clean and maintain.
All purpose boxing equipment: now train your favorite combat sports with Jayefo beginners punching bag such as boxing, MMA, kickboxing, muay thai, karate, judo, taekwondo, krav maga & self-defense training.
ACCESSORIES: Bag comes with nylon straps, adjustable chains, and double end loops for security and safety. Bag measures 13.75 inches in diameter and 46 inches in height
High density cushion, superior non-skid surface, provides stability on any floor surface, extraordinary wear and longevity. Improves with use
👊【PERFECT GIFT】- Our boxing punching bag perfect for stress relief, workout sessions & MMA training.It will help raise your heart rate for a great workout while helping you develop timing, speed and accuracy of hand and eye coordination.
DOUBLE LAYER DESIGN FOR BODY CUSHIONING – Our TPE Yoga mat has a unique Double Layer design. One side has optimum grip and the other has an anti-slip texture. The thick double layer design protects the body and gives you ultimate cushioning to prevent injuries, offer comfort, and protect joints.
PATENTED PERFORMANCE: The Guardian Baseball turf shoes are engineered using a patented V-Cleat configuration. This gives any player a performance edge while also providing additional ankle support. Our turf shoes are created to provide extra traction while running, hitting, fielding and throwing on all types of fields.
☑️ ACCURATE READING: Mount the unit closer to the waist, arm or leg.The paces are detected by the movement of your body. Long Press the specific button to reset.While stationary,the unit wil turn off,but will automatically turn on once movement is detected.In order to record the data very accurate,we highly recommend you clip it on your waist band,and make sure keep bottom straight to the ground,if you wear it upside down or the bottom to the up,the pedometer won't count steps accurately.
Essential Fitness Product: It can provide you with a convenient and comfortable "home gym", so you can practice uppercuts, hooks, knees, elbows and other such punches without going to the gym.
Superior Quality Yoga Mat! Premium yoga mat with laser engraved body alignment markers in various yoga poses to guide your practice of more scientific and precise pose ; You can feel strong and confident in poses like never before
The hook contrived at the lower-end of the bag connects the loop at the bottom with the floor anchor to avoid excessive movement. This provides stability and tether loop facility can be connected to anchor floor or floor hook to get rid of excessive movement and bag sway due to heavy punches and kicking.
【Grow up healthily together】: Accompany your kids through their happy childhood. With a wider range of adjustable heights from 35.5" to 50.7", it can keep up with your fast-growing kids at 3-12 years old. Meanwhile, it will attract your child's attention, keep them off phones and make them healthy and strong!
💗【Free Carry Strap】Comes with a dual-use yoga mat strap, which is also a popular yoga accessory. It can be used as a portable yoga mat CARRIER STRAP or as a yoga STRETCHING STRAP
🍁【Matching Suggestions】It's sweater for lounging because it's very soft and comfortable to wear around the house or out and about can be dressed up with some dark pants and jewelry, or worn casually with tights, jeans or leggings.
[Ideal For All Levels Yoga Enthusiast] : Ideal for both beginners & advanced yoga practitioners. 100% customer satisfaction is our unconditional guarantee! If you are not 100% thrilled with your TPE Yoga Mat, we promise to offer you a prompt solution to let you 100% satisfied!
Double and triple reinforced seams
【Folding storage】 This portable folding Accessories provides sufficient space for all your Volleyball/football/basketball equipment. It is easy to set up and carry. It does not take up space to put in the trunk of the car. And very suitable for the front yard, backyard, school, garage, gym, etc.
Gorilla Tough, Built to Last a Lifetime – Go ahead and leave your Shoes On! Our mats are tougher than your toughest workouts. Made with the highest quality standards, we are confident you will love your mat.
QUALITY: RIP-STOP exterior shell. Triple stiched for superior quality. Our heavy bags will not rip. These bags are hanging in many gyms across the world for more than 35 years and still holding up.
Comfortable fabric: Neoprene fabric is mainly used, which is comfortable and highly elastic, has good air permeability, and is soft and skin-friendly.
✅ YOUR HOME YOGA STUDIO ANYWHERE: This large yoga mat is crafted from premium materials for extra durability and tear-resistance. Ideal indoor or outdoor mat to turn any room - even your garage, basement or terrace, into a place of Zen and Relaxation. Easy to clean, roll up and store. INCLUDES CARRY BAG, 2 VELCRO STRAPS AND MICROFIBER TOWEL.
EXTRA THICK:4/5 inch thick mat provides extra support,is for people that have physical body pain or people who are afraid of sports pain . But You Still Need to Exercise.
ADJUSTABILITY: In addition to the highly elastic material, there’re 3 rows of U-shaped hooks along the waist for tightness adjustment.
【NEW ECO FRIENDLY MATERIA】: TPE is the latest technological improvement to the traditional yoga mats. No latex, no PVC, or any heavy metal. Our mats are made of SGS certified TPE material which is non-slip, odor-less and excellent in cushioning, unlike those cheap & traditional non-green PVC, NBR or EVA yoga mats. They are truly eco-friendly, healthy.
[Double Non-Slip Design]：This workout mat has double-sided non-slip surfaces. Wavy undersides make excellent traction on the floor. It unrolls pretty flat and stays put. Special textured surface prevents your hands and feet from sliding when you sweat on it.
【Easy to Installation】This yoga mat shelf comes with all necessary mounting hardware for your convenience. punching the wall with an electric drill, put the yoga mats holder and screw the self-tapping screw into the implosion with a screwdriver.
Back support: The elastic material and plastic structure can provide certain support to the waist, which can increase the flexibility of the back movement and reduce the risk of injury.
Exquisite Workmanship： Hand-stitched seams, reinforced rope connection loops, thickened elastic rope, firm enough, hard to break. Hidden inflation hole design, effectively prevents air leakage, difficult to wear. Perfect for boxing, Sanda, fighting, home fitness, and so on.
Includes a an inner-weave, cross-stitched canvas inside lining for added strength and longevity.
These bags are hanging in North American gyms for more than 10 years and still holding up, Excellent quality product
👊【Freestanding Punching Bag with Stand】: Stands approx. 70'' tall, RORALA punching bag comes with a pair of 12-Ounce gloves, fit for adults, teens and kids (47-73'' tall). Great gift for family workouts, stress release and strength build, saving you time and money! Start Now, It’s Fun!
Improve your quickness and hand-eye coordination
* Great Way to Keep Fit-- The sandbag is perfect for developing hand and foot technique and building nice body. You will not regret for purchase it.
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED - If there is any problem with the mini yoga ball, pls feel free to contact us at your convenience before leaving bad review,we are willing to give you the full refund or provide the new replacement.
♦ High Quality material: The speed bag set is constructed with high quality pear wood platform and microfiber speed ball, which are of excellent durability and stability. Thickened platform, corrosion-resistant, safe and firm.
4 BATTERIES INCLUDED: 2 rechargeable batteries and 2 controller batteries for remote control truck, supporting this rc cars for boys playing about 20 mins for each battery.
18 GAUGE HIGH-GRADE IRON MATERIAL has long lasting durability and ensures peak performance. Ceiling Hook is suitable for using with RDX Punch bags of various sizes.
【Great Performance】: Heavy punching bag stand is ideal for Martial Arts, Boxing, Fitness, and MMA training. Perfect for performing exercises that target your upper body and core.
FASTER WEIGHT LOSS: By wearing our heat-trapping sauna high-waisted shorts, you will experience faster increase in body heat around your waist, thus stimulate natural sweating, become more efficient at burning calories, and undergo an accelerated metabolism, which will eventually lead to an increased weight loss by 40.4%. Wearing our mid-rise short while working out, running or performing daily activities simulates a sauna-like experience.
PORTABLE & EASY TO CARRY: This punching bag set has an adjustable stand, as well as an inflatable punching bag that makes it easy to pack and to carry around. It is lightweight too so that your child can carry the set around by themselves. When it’s time to use it again, it is easy to set it up.
Sold as a pair.
Size: 18" (Top) x 11" (Bottom) x 36" (Length)
ULTIMATE GRIP - This premium mat benefits from the ground breaking Liforme “GripForMe” material that gives you unparalleled warrior-like grip whilst practising.
12 inches tall
MAKE YOUR WORKOUT WORK FOR YOU: Elevate your next cardio, circuit, or HIIT session with the Sweet Sweat Workout Enhancer Roll-On Gel Stick, the topical gel designed to help you sweat, slim and tone as you achieve your fitness goals
【Warranty】newtend provides 24 hours friendly customer service and a 12-month warranty, If you have any problem with our product, please feel free to contact us through Amazon. Your satisfaction is our top priority.
Shorter, ½” top loop makes the bag swing and reach the platform more quickly
WIDE, SMOOTH HANDLE: Our plate features a wide grip handle to easily add and remove it from your ruck. The smooth, high-quality handle of the Ruck Weight provides a comfortable and secure grip during your workout.
30-DAY MONEY BACK GUARANTEE: We are confident that Sweat Shaper is the best waist trimmer available today for men. As a result, we are offering a 30-day manufacturer guarantee. If you are not 100% satisfied with your Sweat Shaper, simply message us through Amazon, and we'll replace or refund your order. No questions asked! PLEASE NOTE: The order must be placed through the original Sweat Shaper manufacturer (Novel Brands) to receive the money-back guarantee.
Fun for all ages - Each air-powered gun blaster can hold 12 foam balls, fire them into the different scoring pockets to get as many points as possible. The shooting target is very easy to put together and simple for kids to operate. Fun for target practice and more challenges.A big hit to the family party.
✔【Boxing Punch and Play Punching Bag Set】: Fully adjustable steel tubular construction is manufactured for professional gym and home training, and automotive grade high-tension steel spring delivers lightning fast action and blazing speed training for every warrior from beginner to world champion.
【Huge Storage Capacity】This yoga mat storage holder can bedivided into 3 layers, each layers can storage 2 foam rollers. it can store total 6 foam rollers. Huge storage capacity can avoid foam rollers and yoga mat occupying the floor area and cause the space to be crowded, making your home or gym clean and orderly.
Kids can drive to their favorite location, find a good spot to camp and unpack the outdoor furniture, then enjoy a delicious family picnic
【Adjustable Height】: The height of our heavy bag stands can be easily adjusted from 72-91in/182-230cm. Suitable for people of different height and training needs. Kids may enjoy its fun as well. No punching bag and speed bag included, please buy it separately.
COMPACT AND SPACE-SAVING DESIGN – This weight rack has an ergonomically designed structure featuring a compact three-tier storage space and an angled design, allowing you to place the rack in any part of your gym for easy equipment accessibility.
Color-coded vinyl for easy recognition of the weight and better looking
Non Slip Fitness Mats: made from natural rubber and suede,the both are made of friendly healthy and recyclable materials, soft and skin friendly, excellent water absorption, can absorb sweat.
【Suitable For Everyone To Exercise】Extra wide grips,let you have enough space to use your movements and focus more on exercise. Super wide design to accomodate all hand sizes, fit hands perfectly with room to spare, handles are designed to be wider and more.whether you are a professional athlete or a leisure fitness enthusiast, these handles can withstand various exercises.
Adjustable Sizing: The Boxer 3.0 is an adjustable jump rope that comes with a standard 10ft cord. Sizing is simple with our easy-to-use snap/lock system. Simply slide the adjustable end to the desired length and trim off the excess cord with some scissors. Fits anyone up to 6'4"
Baleaf Women's Ankle Legging Athletic Yoga Pants designed with mini hidden waistband pocket for easy storage key or small item
【Specification】 Light Grey(8-15 lbs), Best for speed barbell training and shoulder mobility. Medium Grey(15-35 lbs), Beginning bands for resistance and barbell band training or just a little boost for pull up assist. Grey (25-65 lbs), Medium tension for resistance training and pull up assist. Dark Grey(35-85 lbs), Ideal for pull up assist, High tension for resistance and advanced banded barbell training. Black(50-125 lbs), Ideal for pull up assist.
Guarantee: 60-days free return and 18-month replacement warranty. Please feel free to contact us with any product questions.
【Various Resistance Levels】:Hand Grip ranging from 22 to 88 lbs. Band tension from 6.6 to 11 lbs. Hand exerciser grip strengthener and finger stretcher hand grip resistance bands ideal for women, men, teenagers, adults, seniors or kids who are looking for a comprehensive hand flexor and finger extension exerciser.
HEALTHY WORKOUT.Compared with traditional neoprene sauna vest, this women workout vest is without any smell, will not cause any skin allergy, material is ultra light and soft, comfortable to wear all day. Get your healthy workout journey with Junlan sauna suit for women.
BUY WITH WARRANTY-We have strick check on every rack before it leave the factories.we value customers and want to ensure every gym rack they receive is perfect.We also have confidence in our product and we offer lifetime warranty to our customers.Please feel free to contact us if you have questions about our gym product
[Free Adjustment of Height] You can adjust the height from about 55 inches to 62 inches,The nickel-plated steel pipe used is brighter and more durable than the galvanized steel pipe,And a more durable new solid ball can accompany you for a longer time
GET THE MOST FROM STANDING: Wobble balance board is an excellent accessory for your work life, use it as a standing desk mat to improve standing posture and avoid the drawbacks from sitting long periods; Suitable for working out right at your workplace
Perfect Shock Absorption: Filled with dense foam, which makes it have a strong shock absorption effect. No matter how strong your fist is, it can absorb shock to the greatest extent, thereby protecting your hands from injury.
Open Toe Casual Summer Beach Sandals Comfy Retro Roman Shoes Flat Sandals for Women,Summer Women's Sandals Bohemian Flowers Beaded Flat Travel Beach Shoes Clip Toe Sandals Sandals for Women, Comfy Shining Diamond Roman Shoes Casual Summer Beach Travel Indoor Outdoor Flip Flops Slipper Sandals for Women Dressy, Womens 2021 Fashion Flower Beaded Flat Sandals Summer Beach Travel Slippers Flip Flops Sandals for Women Platform 2021 Fashion Bow Comfy Flip Flop Slippers Open Toe Casual Summer
Great for all types of fitness and exercise routines including yoga, pilates and any floor exercise where additional cushion and support is appreciated.
✓ Wrap around the beam Fitting design for your Boxing Bag,★★★★ ✓ Portable Universal Wrap around the beam Fitting design for your Boxing Bag
【Purchase instructions】:This product only contains a boxing inflatable head and pump.When buying, please choose according to the appearance of the boxing product.
FOLDING STYLE: SereneLife's compact, portable, and foldable slim running treadmill machine for home use has a simple electric plug-in next-generation low-profile design and a hydraulic folding system for easy storage and installation in a home gym
💪★ Package Includes ★ – 1 x 80 LB Round Rubber Dumbbell.
MULTIPLE BENEFITS:One is required to make the speedbag move at a constant rate of speed while using consistent punching force. As a result, working out with a speedbag can help to develop your reflexes, increase your speed and improve your hand-eye coordination.
★ Function: Our Yoga knee pad cushion helps to avoid or alleviate joint injuries and pain relief for hands, knees, head, elbows and tailbone. Great fitness tool to incorporate for sore joints and during injury recovery .
Made of a nylon shell with inner high impact foam.
Rechargeable Battery – The Cipton glow in the dark LED baseball is equipped with a 300 MAH battery and a Type-c charging port. Charge the ball for only 2 hours and have the ball will stay lit for up to 8 hours, ensuring the ball won’t die out during your nighttime games.
【Free Adjustment Spacing Yoga Mat Holder】This foam roller rack wall mount Length:21.7inches, width:11.8inches. The width and high between two layers can be adjusted according to your fitness mats or foam rollers thicknesses, Don't worry about whether your foam rollers can be storage.
A MUST-HAVE OUTDOOR ACCESSORY – Essential for any outdoor activities and works with tents. Bring this when going to the beach, camping, hiking, picnic at the park, festivals, road trips and more. Great gift to family and friends who love outdoors.
Office& Home Essential: The wobble exercise can relax your muscles, relieve stress.
INCREASES THE LIFE OF YOUR MAT. You will save money. Protect your yoga mat the way you protect your health and body!
New High Resilience Sweating Belt : 100% Nylon High Resilience Fabrics With Support Compression Effect ,Let You Easy To Control Your Waist and Comfortable Adjustable & Breathable which means it is easy to sweating and breathable, fits to your body.
COOLING ADJUSTABLE NECK GAITER - powered by VaporActive Heat-Release Technology this cooling neck gaiter helps keep you dry by releasing excessive heat and moisture so you can stay comfortable all year round.One size fits most Men & Women. Measures 10.25” x 10”.
Size: Stands 63 inches tall and measures a full 25.5 inches in bottom diameter.
Feature round design for easy movement in/around the bag to increase cardio, leg conditioning, and hand-eye coordination
【16-Level Resistance】Whether you're beginner or professionals, the 16 levels of adjustable resistance will allow you customize your exercise routine.Our rower machine is equipped with a 8lbs flywheel which offer a peak resistance of 40LBS to meet your exercise training.
✓  ★★★★ Boxing Punch Bag
Size: 30 x 40 Inch, 40 x 50 Inch, 50 x 60 Inch, 60 x 70 Inch and 70 x 80 Inch.
Hook closure
[Improve Your Reaction Speed and Hand Eye Coordination] - 3 difficulty level boxing ball is perfect for beginner or professional boxer. It can train your reaction, agility, punching speed, fight skill and hand eye coordination.
All-in-one & Reversile: This foldable exercise mat is a yoga mat. The sweat absorbent suede top is a yoga sweat mat best for hot yoga. Flip to the sticky black yoga mat side for poses that need extra traction. Pick a preferred side for Bikram, stretching, meditation or use as outdoors beach and picnic towels. Let this yoga mat travel set be your traveling companion.
Works as a kids yoga mat as well as an adult yoga mat (self adjust to work with any height)
Upgrated 3 Belt:5 Steel Bones Belt Will Be More Helpful To Back Suport and Waist Control. helps straighten and gives you back support, correct your posture, and flatten your lower belly. It allows you to move freely with no risk of it rolling down.
DURABLE & SPACE SAVING: The storage rack is made of high quality coated steel, which is durable and not easy to rust. It is solid and practical, which can be used in indoor or outdoor occasions. Perfect for saving space and making your room look clean and efficient
✅SUPERIOR WEIGHT DISTRIBUTION: At 33” inches long and a chunky 7” wide, our dip belt for weight lifting offers excellent weight distribution across your body. While other weighted belts are often only 4”-6” wide, our 7” dip belt leather for weightlifting helps you fine-tune your reps and stay balanced in a way competing belts can’t.
SAVE TIME: The first step of your pre-training ritual should be to wrap your hands, which can be time-consuming. The gel quick wrap glove slides on your hands in seconds, and you get the protection of the gel foam knuckle padding.
Lens height: 32 millimeters
Customize Combination - 21 drawer trays with 4 various sizes allow for a good variety of layout. Items are organized according to size and use. 6pcs-(2.9" x 2.9" x 2.1"), 6pcs-(5.8" x 2.9" x 2.1"), 3pcs-(8.9" x 6.0" x 2.1"), 6pcs-(9.7" x 3.1" x 2.2").
This design ensures that our punching bag is durable, firmly equipped to bear the punches of your workouts. This design provides maximum fill potential that helps the bag remain solid.
Personality Crossbody Bag:The design muliti color & blue font is printed on front side of the canvas bag, We've added a baseball theme to the color print pattern! May be more suitable for youth sports, healthy and happy sports enthusiasts like, back side is blank which allow you to enjoy the DIY favorite patterns, where you can enjoy their imagination.It's a very good craft creation.
DURABLE QUALITY MATERIAL: DALLX speed ball are especially made of high quality PU leather to increase durability and functionality.
FEATURE☀- Long sleeve, front kangaroo pocket, pullover sweatshirt, round collar, regular fit, loose, sporty, unique fashionable pattern, casual cute style, holiday
👍 PERFORMANCE GRADE 2 PACK - Some blocks use tiny particles that turn to dust with light pressure. Other blocks use large coarse cork that chips easily. We use a special blend of premium Portuguese cork for long-lasting, heavy duty use. In fact, all of our yoga block sets are backed by a one-year manufacturer's warranty and a 30-day, "no questions asked" satisfaction guarantee. We stand by all of our products!
We get it: You want an adult jump rope that is durable. The Boxer 3.0 comes standard with unbreakable plastic polymer handles, a 5mm PVC cord that has an inner string core keeping your rope from snapping, stretching when spin force is applied, and can be used outside on rough surfaces.
SPEEDER: 1 FUN, 1 MATCH, 1 NIGHT: 3 original Speedminton birdies, for different distances and play in the dark, plus 1 windring.
Upgrated Gym Rack-uprageted into 11 prongs wiith 16 inch between drilling holes for wood stud.comes with 2 additional hanging carabiners to increase storage capacity
Compact and convenient, easy to stack , they take up minimal space, Ideal for fitness classes or at-home workout routines.
Punching bag is filled to 70 pounds and measures 14-inch x 42-inch with heavy duty chain included
Reduce Clutter: Organize your life with our wall mountable ball holder. No more random sports balls lying on the floor. Quickly and easily eliminate unnecessary clutter and replace it with a stylish ball holder for wall, practical decor piece.
Approximately 28.125" in height, 14.25" in diameter. Not recommended for outside use.
COMFORT: Extra thick cushion offers superior elasticity and shock absorption to help protect joints. Double thick dense layer is textured for super grip & antislip. At 72”x 24” this is a good sized mats – marking it also suitable for the taller and wider.
TRUSTED AND PROVEN: trusted by the biggest impact athletes and gyms in the game, helping you to train like a professional
GREAT GIFT IDEA - This reflex bar bag makes for a great birthday gift, holiday present, anniversary gift, or any occasion for yourself or a loved one.
Features a revolutionary, Fiber Flex Supreme Foam lining and soft-filled core that is better for your hands and bounces back with every punch
Compression arm trimmer: the heat-trapping polyurethane is designed inside, which can increase the arm temperature and promote sweat excretion through different kinds of sports; The sweat arm bands can protect your arms and will not cause discomfort to the skin; You can wear the sweat arm trimmer during daily activities, providing your arms with a sauna-like experience; When your body temperature rises, you sweat more, which helps you lose weight faster
【CARRYING CASE AND STRAP】 both case and strap are including.
Foam Exercise Roller Helps Prevent Muscle Injury - Perfect for positioning, balance, postural and muscle re-education, spinal stabilization, body awareness and coordination, ranging and strengthening activities. Yoga - Fitness Foam Roller. Foam Roller for IT Band
🥊【All in one punching bag with stand】: The inflatable punching ball speed bag comes with a durable base, spring-loaded adjustable shaft, a pair of comfortable kids boxing gloves, an inflation pump for your boxing ball.
3. Perfect Performance.great supporting and quick spring-back is suitable for various yoga movements.offers the most comfortable experience of excellent cushioning for all level Yogis.
The Speed ball can be used with bare hands, bag gloves or with hand wraps
EVA
【CONVENIENT & UNIVERSAL】This home gym equipment is easy to carry, store and use.The strength training equipment suits different workout needs for all age groups. Whether you’re a beginner or a pro, this ab workout equipment will provide an easy workout solution to add to your daily fitness
--GUARANTEE: If you are not satisfied with our product received, you can apply for unconditional return and refund within 180 days. In terms of any problem of this product, you can send emails as soon
❀ Soft material, do not wear gloves
【Quality Assurance】: Customer satisfaction is our top priority, GXF provides customer service at any time. if there is any product issues, we offer free replacement.
Large speed bag is 10" x 7"
🥊【High Quality 12OZ Gloves】Featuring finest PU Leather curved fit with double lining and filled with dual layers of premium EVA foam, our gloves disperse impacts and provide matchless knuckle shield. Also, a ventilated mesh palm will keep your hands dry and clean while you polish your technique.
Short sleeves
RitFit Warranty. The Basic Warranty lasts for 36 months for Main steel frames. The accessories are covered only for 12 months. Full details are given in RitFit Power Cage Warranty.
WALIKI TOYS, 10+ YEARS EXPERIENCE: Since 2005, smart parents trust the Waliki brand.
Adjustable height from 54.3 inches to 70.8 inches. Suitable for people of different heights and ages.
MATERIAL:Made with PVC/ Vinyl
FOLDABLE & COMPACT can easily fit in your Backpack or Tote Bag.
WARRANTY - Backed by Aduro Sport Lifetime Limited Warranty and friendly US customer service, buy this Elevation Workout Mask with confidence
Unique round shape promotes muscle strengthening and is ideal for practicing movement
Spring Design: the 360-degree rebound of this punching bag can exercise children's reaction speed & hand-eye coordination ability Overall Dimension: 15" L x 15" W x 30.75" - 47.25" H. Certificated age: 3+ years. Recommended age: 3-6 years.
BUILD YOUR ATTRACTIVE BODY: Tikaton resistance bands are suitable for all people. You can use them to stretch and relax stiff muscles before training, or after training to relieve muscle soreness. Importantly, resistance bands can add resistance to your training, strengthen muscle tearing, make your workout more effective, and improve strength balance. Ideal for exercising arms, back, legs and glutes, chest, core, and abs.
❥【Customer Service】- If you are not satisfied with HPYGN resistance bands set, please feel free to contact us, we will fully refund. And we hope customers to give suggestions for improvement.
Made in Bulgaria
WIDE ELASTIC WAISTBAND - High elastic wide waistband holds the athletic support shorts in place. In addition to wearing as protective shorts, you can also wear as a normal compression shorts.
FEATURES – Includes 2 soft foam handles for superior comfort, door anchor, and exercise guide. Great for shoulder raises, chest presses, back rows and more;
Multi-Layer Construction: Constructed of 4-tier materials including PVC leather, polyester fabric, EPE foam and recyclable stuffing, the punching bag is comfortable and safe to beat, and features fast rebound and shock absorption. Moreover, all the materials are reliable and the punching set is ASTM and CPSIA certificated.
【Upgraded Rowing Machine】Compared other rowers in market,pooboo rowing machine update functions,you can also use it for sit-ups, push-ups, abdominal exercises etc. Purchase one rowing machine,get multi-methods workouts. It's a good choice! It's time to upgrade your rowing machine.
Demensions: 27.6"(Tall) x 15.75"(Width); Thickness: 13.75"(Top section), 7.87"(Low section).
👍【Worry Free Purchase】 FirstE trampoline is manufactured under the high standard of quality and workmanship, we promise a replacement for any non-artificial defective parts or missing part for 12 months from the date of purchase and please feel free to contact us if there are any problems, thanks.
Utilize our hula hoop for more than just fun - build strength and balance with our detachable hula hoop, using it for beginner and advanced exercise routines.
The surface is super soft suede material, the more sweat on the hands and feet, the better the grip of the mat. The bottom is a degradable natural rubber. Our natural rubbers have a light rubbery scent and no irritating odor. The non-slip texture prevents the mat from sliding on the floor and provides sufficient cushioning to greatly improve your yoga
Note: Machine washable. Washing with neutral detergent or use cold water and wet towels to wipe off stains as much as possible. Avoid exposing to sunlight for long periods of time. Coming with a storage bag.
【Alignment Lines】The above alignment lines help to correct the yoga posture effectively, stay in the correct position and prevent possible damage from incorrect postures. It is not only a sports mat, but also a private coach while practicing.
Get Full Range of Motion - Fitness mat designed for ab workouts . This premium, high-density ab trainer workout mat with tailbone protector provides stability , constant tension , and a full-range of motion which regular crunches do not provide to help you get that six pack abs and a flat stomach
THERABAND FlexBar Red is ideal for those suffering from tennis elbow pain and looking to increase flexibility and range of motion, THERABAND FlexBar Green is ideal for those suffering from tennis elbow pain, looking to increase flexibility and range of motion, and to strengthen the elbow, wrist, forearm, and hand
Screen-Free Activity: Still struggling to find the balance between digital and real-life connections? Coogam sling puck board game provides a screen-free quality time for kids and family, as a gift for boys and girls, or to have fun at parties.
SECURE AND VERSATILE - Enjoy a secure placement and focused punching with the four riveted straps and reinforced seams, making our punching bag for adults perfect for intense gym sessions.
Attachment loop is reinforced for long wear
AVAILABLE FROM 10-35 POUNDS, buy a variety to keep muscles challenged and improve core strength, power, and endurance
Super soft and absorbent honeycomb microfiber is gentle on skin and quick drying
▨ECO-FRIENDLY TPE MATERIAL - Cifupy's yoga mat is made from TPE material, which is no PVC and irritating smell, as well as more soft, skin-friendly and light weight. Recyclable and avoid environmental pollution.
⚾ Super Soft Blanket: Our softball blanket is made of high quality polyester, the microfiber plush blanket is super soft and comfotable, cozy thick fleece fabric, skin friendly. Enjoy the comfy and warm in the cold fall winter spring and air-conditioned rooms in summer with this premium plush throw.
LIFETIME WARRANTY NO HASSLE GUARANTEE | We stand by the quality of our workout sand bag. You are protected with our lifetime 100% satisfaction guarantee.
PERFECT FOR CROSS-TRAINING – Use for exercises like swings, deadlifts, squats, get-ups, and snatches
Official Size & Weight – The LED light up baseball is the perfect size and weight. Just like the MLB baseball, Cipton Glow in the dark LED baseball is between 141.7 grams to 148.8 grams. The diameter of the sphere is between 229 millimeters to 235 millimeters. Play the game just like the pro’s!!!
GET GIRLS MOVING: Encourage girls & teens to step away from electronic devices & enjoy time practicing their favorite yoga poses, doing some light stretching, or engaging in some deep breathing with our Celestial Yoga Mat
Weighs 42-45 lbs.
Tract pad for ultimate comfort while in use
Raglan sleeves
【100% SATISFIED】- We offer you a one-year warranty including kickboxing bag and accessories. If you are not satisfied with them，please feel free to contact us，we will try our best to make you satisfied.
【PREMIUM QUALITY】Premium-grade textured; this punch bag is the gold standard of heavy bags; stitches are firm and delicate provides the ideal striking surface. Built for both commercial gym and home use.
DIMENSIONS: 15”L x 12”W x 2. 5”H; the compact design is one-size-fits-all and portable so you can carry it to the gym or even while traveling
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED: ONE-YEAR warranty for free replacement or full refund. If there is issue, please feel free to contact us. BUY WITH CONFIDENCE!
✔️GENEROUS 15 - PIECE KIT includes police hat, vest, badge, handcuffs, key, toy gun, whistle, binoculars & much more!
ADD INTENSITY AND VARIETY TO WORKOUTS: Achieve a toned back, flat abs and sculpted arms with these versatile free weights, perfect for overall health, balance, and weight management, they’re also great for aerobics, cardio, yoga, and strength-building
Premium Microfiber leather for extreme durability
SUPERIOR QUALITY: Jade Yoga mats are designed to utilize only high-quality materials to ensure outstanding performances and long-lasting products.
🥊 LATEX BLADDER - The latex bladder inside the boxing & fitness ball can be easily inflated with an air pump. The latex bladder of the boxing bag is strong, anti-concussion, and anti-leakage.
Measures 13" x 68"
This ninja bop bag is made of excellent quality with non-toxic 0.3mm 7p PVC material. So, the kids punching bag for 3-8 years can practice their karate and boxing skills safely
Note: Because of the uncertainty in transit, If any part is broken or missing, please do not hesitate to contact us, we will send you the replacement and solve the problem
Perfect for hands, wrists, knees, elbows or any place you need a little extra cushion
DUAL - SIDE ANTI-SKID DESIGN: You need a truly grippy and safe fitness mat, especially when doing hot yoga. Double layer structure coupled with a non-slip textured surface, Upgraded with non-slip texture for optimal grip on both sides, you can practice yoga in many forms on wood/tile/cement floor without any worries.
CLEANS, RESTORES, REFRESHES Yoga, Exercise, Pilates, or Workout Mat. With a light citrus aroma your mat will feel cleaner than ever with no sticky residue left behind.
All-in-one punching bag with stand - The GaHoo Punching Bag Set includes everything your child needs to get started. It comes with an inflatable punching ball, boxing gloves for protecting hands, a sturdy base, an adjustable stand, an inflatable pump, a metal wrench for easy setup, and a detailed manual. This comprehensive set ensures that your child has everything they need for an exciting and safe boxing experience
Premium Material -- 100% Cotton pigment dyed low profile six panel dad hats, with a hole to make messy buns, perfect for pulling your messy bun through slot, cute gifts for little girl and boys, durable, lightweight and comfortable caps.
DUAL-FUNCTION LEG DEVELOPER – Dual-features include a pivot point that aligns with the knee joints and a locking mechanism for abdominal exercise, this unit facilitates proper body posture and allows for maximum effect on the targeted muscle groups.
Speed bag comes fully assembled with chain and no filling necessary
👊 RELIEVE STRESS FROM YOUR DESK The mini punching bag desk toy can attach to any surface to give you instant stress relief right at your fingertips, perfect as stress relief office funny gifts for coworkers, and great gag gift idea for those men women who have everything
Quick and Easy Traveling – Deflate the punching bag and pack it for your family trip to have your kids entertained anywhere you go.
OUTLAST YOUR WORKOUT – The sport band is made of 100% premium nylon, woven in a compact pattern. The result is a durable pair of wristbands that you can use in serious lifting applications. And unlike terry cloth wristbands that are too bulky and can get caught in gym equipment, the LYFTRX band is lightweight and doesn’t have loose fabric.
【Size & Guareented】Product Dimension: 29.1" x 40.9" x 68.8-90.5".This power tower will not take up too much space.
Desktop placement, boxing ball is very suitable for you. Put it on the table, give a punch at any time, you can release the pressure. It can add fun to work, ease the tension atmospheres in work.
Product 2: Made in the USA from molded polypropylene to maintain firmness
Waterproof mid layer doesn't let sweat absorbed by cork layer going into rubber layer.
Comforting and extra spacious, the Nomad XL is perfect for a home studio/gym, therapeutic yoga and much more.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED: ONE-YEAR hassle free warranty for our yoga mat, if you have any questions or concerns, we welcome that you contact us via E-mail. Our mission is to provide you with an excellent shopping experience. BUY WITH CONFIDENCE!
【Multifunctional Use】: Cooling towels for neck and face are not only suitable for indoor sports, yoga, gymnasiums, fishing, outdoors, water swimming, mountaineering, sports,but also recommended for use in cooking fields, pastoral, construction work, high-temperature operations, hot weather and other workplaces.
Stuffed with a special blend of filler that provides resilient shock absorbency
Shoe Size: Men 4-8, Women 7-9
Practice your agility, boxing skills and burn calories.
Lightweight & Easy to Carry;Lightweight at 1.7 lb;The complete yoga set with carry on strap that make transporting to your next fitness exercise session conveniently; Designed for all types of yoga and pilates ,ashtanga....Ideal gift for all level yogis.
Bridge: 18 millimeters
MULTIPLE PURPOSE: they’re not only dish towels for washing dishes, but also cleaning cloths for drying tableware and hands, cleaning glasses, windows, floor and furniture, making your house free of dust, and they’re perfect for home and hotel.
👊Home Workout Gym: Simply fill the base with water or sand, and inflate the boxing bag by using a pump (Note: Pump is NOT included) and you're ready to start boxing. When not in use, it can be emptied and folded down ready to use another time. You can play with your kids at home, there is no need to go outside. There is lot of fun to do boxing with your family, enjoy your parent-child time.
☺NOVEL KIDS GIFTS The walky-talky is easy to use with small size, good volume, long distance and great battery life. These electronic toys for kids are ideal gifts for boys and girls, and no child will refuse. Cool boy gifts for the children of your nephews, grandchildren and friends on birthdays, Christmas, Thanksgiving or any other festival.
Depth of groove: 10.8mm ;Width of groove: 10.2mm
360 Degree Durable Spring: Our boxing set features a strong and durable spring at the base of shaft, resilient cushioning, uniform force distribution, natural rebound
💖Sturdy & Durable Towel Holds-Our upgraded towel storage are made of sturdy high quality SUS 304 stainless steel. The surface coating, the steel color is smooth, will not deform or crack, and can be used for many years. The wall towel organizer is waterproof, moisture-resistant, scratch-resistant, rust-resistant, and protects your towels from any marks with a durable construction and elegant finish. Our rolled towels rack are great for home or guest bathroom use
4. Measures approximately 72 x 24 x 0.4 inches (LxWxH).
New Cover Design: One-click, one-rotate, and one-fix, strong and reliable, providing your body with much-needed support to help improve your overall spine health and posture.
Flat bottom is designed to prevent rolling and provide easier storage
Pull On closure
👍 DESIGNED BY YOGA INSTRUCTORS - As yoga instructors, we make our gear with our students in mind. Our premium cork yoga blocks are designed to remain sturdy, non-slip, and comfortable during any type of practice. We know that safety and support matters when you are using our blocks to go deeper in your practice.
【FIT FOR MOST PEOPLE】- The hanging punching bag is 4ft long when fully filled. Suitable for most people including teens, men, women and the old to train agility and boost health.
ECO-FRIENDLY MATERIAL: No latex, no PVC, or any heavy metal. Our mats are made of SGS certified TPE material which is non-slip, odor-less, and excellent in cushioning, unlike that cheap & traditional non-green PVC, NBR, or EVA yoga mats.
Our filled punching bag also includes pro bag gloves, manufactured using Maya-hide leather. It has breathable linings for fresh ventilation that keeps your palm dry and odor free.
PORTABLE & LIGHTWEIGHT: The exercise bands resistance basically takes up no space and can be carried around at any time for exercise anytime, anywhere. Equipped with a door anchor and handles, it is not only ideal exercise equipment for home gyms, but also for gyms, offices, and outdoors. Combined with nearby stationary objects, you can quickly turn your environment into the most efficient gym.
【Overall Dimensions】30.5’’(L) X 11.4’’(W) X 3.5’’(H); Each Riser Size: 11.8’’(L) X 3.9’’(W) X 2’’(H); Weight Capacity: 550 lbs.
Easy To Install - Comes with manual and pump. You can follow the manual to set it up, and it is easy to Inflate the ball with the pump in minutes.
Rotating Swivel: Professional grade ball bearing swivel provide 360-degree flexible rotating for the ball and help it bounce back faster, allows you boxing effectively in high speed.
External zippered pocket.
🥊 PORTABLE BAG - The Wavemaster Can Be Moved, Tip It Onto The Side Of The Base And Roll It!
Size: 4.48" x 7.28"
Approximately 30" long and 28" wide and may fits people up to 5' 10" tall
Zipper seal, convenient and y. The metal chain is sturdy and heavy duty, you can hang it wall or other tough item
[PERFECT FOR STRESS RELIEF & WORKOUT SESSIONS] This reflex punching bag is perfect for boxer fans, fitness person and child's nice toy exercise equipment. It will help raise your heart rate for a great workout while helping you develop timing, speed and accuracy of hand and eye coordination.
Tummy Control DesIgn: Up to 25 cm width and Inner Double belt with External High compressive belt. In order To help you control lower belly fat ,the waist trainers have the inner double belt design.It can be use inner belt to control upper abdomen and lower belly respectively and doubel control by using external belt.
✅ Full Palm Protection: Workout gloves with full palm protection and thickening PAD will buffer the impact of sport apparatus. The Wrist Strap, as a Stress reliever, contribute to improve your power and adjust the tightness of the gloves for men.
Easy to carry, traditional speed punching bag base uses a round bucket, which is large in size and not easy to carry. This punching ball set with spinning bar stand uses anti-rust steel plate and a foldable PVC bag, you can easily bring it when you go out and play.
STRESS RELIEF, WORKOUT SESSIONS & MMA TRAINING: It will help raise your heart rate for a great workout while helping you develop timing, speed and accuracy of hand and eye coordination.
DURABLE GENUINE LEATHER MATERIAL. To provide extreme durability and improved functionality, the Pro Impact Genuine Leather Speedbag is made using 100% top-grade genuine leather to ensure it can withstand multiple beatings time and time again.
NO TOXINS: no initial toxin smell; high-grade PVC with no phthalates and no BPA.
✨ ALL-IN-ONE BOXING SET FOR BUDDING CHAMPIONS: This comprehensive boxing set includes premium boxing gloves for kids, a sturdy punching bag stand, and quality boxing equipment. The robust kid punching bag on stand ensures safety and the gloves offer a snug fit.
Challenging Speed Games : Chase and Catch Me games let you race and react with your fingers. Press the blinking red lights while avoiding green lights and grabbing some “bonus” blue lights!
LIGHTWEIGHT & THICK YOGA MAT: The BESTZO yoga mat is light enough to carry to the gym or anywhere you want with the included carrying strap. DIMENSION: 72-inch x 24-inch x 6mm. We work on 100% customer satisfaction in the spirit of Yoga. Don’t hesitate to contact with us for any problems on products.
Form flattering contours
Weatherproof. Proudly Made in the USA Heavy Bags.
Made of 100% cotton (10% organic) for a soft feel and comfortable wear
Washing: Machine Wash, Quick Drying, Easy Care, Do Not Use Bleach.
This thick yoga mat measures 24-inch L x 68-inch W. It is extremely lightweight and easy to carry with you in the gym, fitness studio or garden for a yoga session and relaxation. Wide and large yoga mat for men and women
EASY SETUP: While other weighted punching bags for kids have multiple air-valves, our user-friendly kid punching bag is built with just 1 simple valve. After inflation, simply add water to the stand for security and bounce-back action, and your little fighter will be ready to punch those targets and rack up points!
Red, welted seams help visibility so that you can time the bag better and strike it more accurately
CUSTOM FIT FOR PELOTON - The TrubliFit Pedal Converters were custom designed to fit only the Original Peloton Bike and the Peloton Bike+. The converters will only fit the Look Delta pedals that come standard with the Peloton Bike.
This design ensures that our punching bag is durable, firmly equipped to bear the punches of your workouts. This design provides maximum fill potential that helps the bag to maintain solidity.
Portable and compact, exercise anytime, anywhere: In comparison to GYM machines, barbells or dumbbells, booty exercise bands are joint-friendly, inexpensive, lightweight and easy to store, perfect for anyone who loves "home gym". They are handy and weigh less than 0.5 lbs yet are dynamic enough to provide full body activation, they take up essentially no space, can go easily into your backpack or suitcase. Just take them with you for hotel room booty band workouts, or bring them to the GYM!
Multifunctional mat ideal for yoga, Pilates and fitness routines
🚫🔋 No Batteries or Camera Flash Needed: This glow in the dark ball is made with the special material which naturally charges from the sunlight in the daytime and does not require batteries or camera flash to get the glow ball feature like other LED light up glow balls on the market.
Multiple usages: not only for indoor Use, but also can carry it along to the park to spice up your day out for its flexibility, definitely a great gift choice
【Packaged in 2 Boxes & Easy Set-up】: Note that due to different sizes, the punching bag and base are shipped separately. We send them out on the same day, but they may arrive on different days. Besides, with detailed instructions and all accessories, you can easily assemble this freestanding punching bag. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
Extremely durable and Completely latex free
DURABLE POWDER-COATED FINISH – Reinforced with a strong powder coating, this versatile dumbbell holder boasts a sturdy construction that won’t be easily tarnished even by the heaviest gear. Its matted surface effectively resists scratches and scuffs.
UP TO 100lbs - Holds up to a 100lb bag securely
DURABLE CONSTRUCTION TO LAST: These bags were initially built for heavy commercial gym use — constructed with a durable and cleanable shell, the true gold standard in heavy bags our bag uses a premium textile fill and a foam liner to bring you a consistent feel
YOUR WEIGHTS NEED AN UPDATE | The even weight distribution and ergonomic design make for a balanced, user-friendly workout.
We value and support the well-being of our clients & offer great confidence in our product. If you run into any issues, drop us a message
Premium Quality Material - Stainless steel tube stand is encased in multi-layer construction,high-density epe foam, eco-friendly fabric buffer.can withstand long beating without hurting your hands or legs.
Easy Maintenance: The special design of detachable weight bags and high quality fabric enable you to clean and maintenance the sandbag by water wash. Moreover, the sandbag is machine-washable, which saves your time and energy even more.
Soft and comfortable: effectively blocks the coldness of the soil, has a strong grip and exceptional resistance, flatness, anti-slip and affinity with human skin. And you can also do other fitness exercises at the top, suitable for children to play on the mat, camping mats.
D-SHACKLE is designed keeping in view the load requirements. Collared pins assists you in hanging the equipment of your choice as per your ease.
❤❤❤【No-risk Purchase】 --- If our products have any quality problems, we can replace them for free or refund full !!! We will 100% solve your problem.
HIGH-DENSITY CONSTRUCTION: Filled with iron sand to prevent the ball from bouncing or rolling and enhance the balance and firmness of the ball
9 layer Triacetate shatterproof lens lens
*Metronome function:Frequency from 10 to 320 times per minute.
❥【 Upgrade Exercise Band】- Each resistance bands measures 6.9 ft long X 6 Inch wide.A superior band product for resistance training and rehabilitation, provides both positive and negative force on muscles and joints, stretches tones and conditions all major muscle groups. Our bands are scent free and latex free without a sticky surface, is ideal for conditioning & rehabbing muscles.
EASY TO STORE & CARRY: Our children’s yoga mat comes complete with a hook and loop strap to make storage super easy and portability a snap. Use at home, take it to the studio, or even to a park for some outdoor yoga fun
One Size for Most This weight vest for workout comes with one size which is suitable for both adult and youth, men and women. An adjustable buckle strap in front of the chest to fix the weighted vest and make the weight vest more fit body.
RDX filled heavy punching bag can endure nasty beating for a prolonged amount of time. Maya Hide leather material will stand tough and will retain its shape. It ensures that it will resist splits, cracks and tear. Ideal for Boxing, MMA, kickboxing, Muay Thai and more.
SUPER LIGHTWEIGHT & QUICK DRYING:The material of sauna sweat vest is supper thin,soft, flexible, and it holds your body well in your workout, you can move freely, and not bulky at all. Sweat vest dries quickly, not like the traditional neoprene vest which become heavy after sweat. Premium Junlan body shaper waist trainer vest for women, let you enjoy sports and sweat happily!
🏆 SPORTSVELT'S PROMISE OF QUALITY: Proudly presenting the SportsVelt punching bag for kids boxing set. With SportsVelt punching bag for kids in their corner, your young one will feel like they've got the wwe belt! The set even has hints of wwe toys for boys vibes, ensuring they're always entertained.
【Non-Slip Mat】The thick exercise mat came with non-slip desgin.Anti-slip lines on both sides and offering a different but comfortable texture on each,the fitness mat works on both sides, which has perfect amount of cushion and durability to make workout like a walk in the park.Fantastic addition to home gym.
Dimensions: 23.8"(Tall) x 13.7"(Width); Thickness: 11.8"(Top section), 6.3"(Low section).
Official Size & Weight:The light up baseball is the perfect size and weight, the weight is between 142 grams and 148 grams, the diameter is approx.7.2 cm/ 2.83 inches;they can be easily grasped, the well designed illuminance baseballs will make your children full of fun and attractiveness in baseball
【Advanced Non-slip Design and Double-layer Tear Resistance】Special sticky non slip texture on both sides , more durable than regular yoga mats and resistant to tearing and deformation. Double layer structure coupled with a non-slip textured surface provides optimal grip without sacrificing comfort.
Durable Construction: Made of durable, high- quality metal this ball holder is built to last you a lifetime. Looks and feels professional enough to even suit athlete’s needs. Perfect for limited space or high- traffic areas, its sturdy and functional to keep your house looking neat and efficient. Great for garage ball organizer.
Highly entertaining—This dartboard will help your children stay away from electronic devices especially phones and computers, improve your kids’ hand-eye coordination, quick reacting, and other abilities. thus making your family gathering happier and more meaningful.
PROTECTION / DURABILITY: It not only protects your hands and knuckles but also provides your wrists with support. These quick gel wraps are made with durable, yet soft materials that are ready to take a beating round after round, wash after wash.
Marke: ENERGETICS
【Package & Brand Supports】: Ankle weights come in pairs, 1lb Each & 2lb Total. Fit and not bulky. Including a storage bag. Adding constant but comfortable hands-free resistance to your workouts and daily activities with this pair of wrist and ankle weights. Our Brand support lifetime warranty and email reply within 24 hours. If you have any questions about the weighted wristbands, please feel free to contact us. Satisfaction guarantee for risk-free shopping!
🎁Tips: We recommend cleaning it before use. Hand wash only and dry in air. Feel free to ask questions, If the products comes with any quality issues, please contact us, we will provide satisfactory solutions within 24 hours.
Stay Hydrated and Organized: With a water bottle pouch, you may keep your bottle of water and other necessities close at hand. Ideal for exercise, running, and outdoor activities.
Premium Skin-friendly Material: The SGS certified vegan suede and TPE are pressed together with hot-melt adhesive, tear and moisture-resistant, no unpleasant smell, and the laser printing patterns will not fade even if sweat drips on the workout mat
Lifting and gathering your booty, creates a charimg 3D Peach Butt
* GUARANTEE & PACKING * 100% Secure shopping&Come with a Fashion VNOX Jewelry gift box or bag,if you have any further question, please no hesitate to post into "Customer Questions & Answers" at the bottom of this page or contact us in e-mail,we will reply you in 24 hours.
【Brand FITVEN】: As the most reliable brand in punching bags, you can be confident in the quality of our boxing bag. If you have any questions, please contact us. We will give you a satisfactory solution.
Size: 70.8 X 26 in/180 X 66cm, 1mm thick
【High Quality】The punching bag for kids is 62 inches high. Unlike other freestanding punching bags that are only 0.28mm thick, our thicker, 0.4mm material will stand the test of time.
Total Body Fitness: Different from traditional weight lifting. The Fitness Machine has leapers which are horizontal squats that will build and burn every muscle from your waist down. Your entire arms chest shoulder back lats and traps will burn with core killers.
<p>★ BUILD SKILL & CONFIDENCE FOR INDOOR / OUTDOOR GAMES: 20ft PREMIUM Agility Ladder with 12 rungs, 4 metal ground anchors, 20 high-grade agility cones, 1 running parachute, 2 chart drills,1 jump rope, 5 Resistance bands, 1 Carry bag. Bonus: 3 E-books (scan the QR code on the box) and 1 Ball pump.</p><p> </p>
Buckle closure
Easy to wash: durable sweatband wristbands are washable by machine or hands, they maintain shape, elasticity and color for long term wearing
EXCELLENT CRAFTMANSHIP – Triple Stitched with Rivets for durability. Four Straps on top and one buckle on bottom for additional securing to the ground.
Family Fun Time: This is a great board game for parents-kids to bond over. The Coogam sling puck board game offers an opportunity to develop social skills and intelligence. Kids get to improve their relationships with parents and friends while having a lot of fun out of it.
Quality and Durable Material: Made from high quality canvas, this shoulder gym tote bag will accompany you for many workouts in your near future. The WIDER SIZE and the LONGER STRAP would make it very easy to be carried, without tiring your arms and shoulders.
PROFESSIONAL YOGA MAT FOR ALL FITNESS FANS – Cork Yoga Mat for men, women, and children. Ideal for yoga, pilates, and general ground exercises. Can be used by both beginners and advanced yoga fans. This versatile Yoga Mat is ideal for home use, gyms, fitness clubs, sports clubs, schools, private trainers, and dance schools.
GoFit’s Ultimate ProGym is the ultimate portable gym. This set includes a professionally developed exercise manual, training DVD, and all the fitness equipment needed to be your own personal trainer.
THERAPY: Loved by therapists and the girls they help
AFTER SALE SERVICE: we are committed to providing you with quality products and enthusiastic service, if you are not satisfied with our kitchen cloths and towel set, please feel free to contact us, and we will give you a satisfactory reply as soon as possible.
✅ You will absolutely 100% Love our Muay Thai Punching Bag Guaranteed!
Home Decor: Instantly transform any room with this functional, low profile, modern solution basketball holder for your storage and organization needs. Rest easy, knowing that you’ve taken the first step toward being truly free from annoying clutter.
🥊 TRG TEARDROP SPEEDBAG - The teardrop shape of this punch bag and balanced speed-flow innovation working seamlessly to improve hand-eye coordination and muscle resistance
♫【Simple without taking up space】: This household boxing punching bag is very suitable for exercising the muscles of the legs, shoulders and arms; it can be easily exercised in a compact room without taking up space. It is very suitable for home or office use.
Smooth tricot knit exterior with a brushed interior for soft comfort & warmth
Package weight :18.37 kg
Protection against electronic failures, broken parts, power surges and normal wear and tear of your machine
This weather-resistant fitness bag is made of canvas with a synthetic leather cover that can handle a beating at home or the gym
Build strength, tone and condition your body with a muscle building aerobic workout, training and the right fitness equipment
VERSATILE AND MULTIPURPOSE: Our freestyle weights, sold in pairs, aid in exercises that burn calories and help you tone and maintain strength, ideal for fitness, weight loss, and orthopedic therapy, they also help improve stamina, and muscle mass
5 super-strong reinforced neoprene handles for easy transport & resistance band attachment points
[Optimum Thickness Yoga Mat] : Our high-performance yoga mats have withstood the test of time, with 6mm and thickness it can provide the most comfortable and excellent shock absorption experience for yogis of all levels. Help improve and enhance your practice.
【100% SATISFACTION of AFTER-SALE SERVICE】: Please contact us anytime if you have any questions about our product via E-mail, our team are on hand 24/7 and will resolve your issue within 24 hours! ORDER NOW, you will get a high quality yoga strap and carrying bag together for home, Gym and travel.
Product 2: Lightweight, easy to clean and transport
Assembled dimensions: 15 x 38 x 14 inches, weight: 6.2 pounds
👍【Anti-Slid and Waterproof】The eight legs covered with anti-slid post cap which keep the fitness rebounder wear-resistant and strong, the steel tube not only make the trampoline safe but also make the jumping quiet. The PP mat is waterproof and easy to clean, you need not worry about if it is dirty after use.
[Completely Silent] Hand workout can be done anywhere at any time. Without the disturbing squeaks, you can perform hand, grip, wrist, and forearm workouts where ever you want.
IDEAL FOR THE TOUGHEST WODS: Non bounce, specifically designed for exercises, conditioning workouts, wood chops, overhead throws, twists, MMA, wrestling, football, basketball, or general athletic training
【UNFILLED】 DAAN MMA punching bag for young's adults comes unfilled making it affordable and easier to handle. It can be filled with used/old clothes, sand, cotton and other waste fabrics.
👊【Not Just A Toy】- It not only a good toy for kids but also a good exercise tool for all families. The diameter of the Freestanding Boxing Bag bottom base is 24 inch which is wider than other fitness punching bag. It can maintain stability even more. Not easily tilted or knocked down will increase interest in exercise.It can withstand onslaught of kicks and punches, and will always bounce back up for more. You can change air inside to adjust the bouncing back speed.
💗【Dimensions】72 inches (L) x 24 inches (W), 6mm in thickness offers the most comfortable experience for all levels yoga
STRENGTHEN YOUR HIP AND POSTURE STABILITY: The weight of the backpack pulls your shoulders and back into a proper alignment. As your upper body adapts to rucking, it becomes more comfortable to maintain that proper posture in your daily life.
【Waterproof and Sweatproof】Our high density TPE material effectively prevents sweat from entering and leaves your mat odorless even after long-term use. Simply use a cloth dipped in cold water and neutral detergent to clean your mat, and wipe dry.
App controlled - Cold or hot in 60 seconds - Patented temperature control
CRAZY SAUNA SWEAT : Junlan sauna suit for women is made of upgraded heat-trapping silver polymer fabric,comfortable and breathable to the skin. It can promote sweat to boost your workout routine in seconds,burn more calories to healthy workout. Junlan sweat tank tops is the perfect fitness gear to enhance your workout! Look no further, just give it a try!
The technology behind Under Armour's diverse product assortment for men, women and youth is complex, but the program for reaping the benefits is simple: wear HeatGear when it's hot, ColdGear when it's cold, and AllSeasonGear between the extremes.
Practice punching bag for uppercuts, hooks, knees, elbow. Great workout equipment for your home or martial arts gym use
INSTANT ORGANIZATION: The variety of storage options allows you to create a system that works for you; Try smaller sports equipment in the top basket such as frisbees, baseballs, gloves, helmets and weights; In the large basket place skateboards, yoga mats, footballs, gym balls, or boxing gloves; Use the side compartments for hockey sticks, baseball bats, and racquets; Hooks to hang water bottles, hats, and accessories; The top rods are great for storing soccer balls or basketballs
Reverse black bottom to resist dirtying
GET IN SHAPE : Get effective workouts or take your training sessions to the next level with our tough and heavy punching bags. The ideal heavy boxing bag for everyone
Remove filling to adjust the stiffness of the bag as needed to your personal preference
Durable Usage: The sandbag is made from 1680D oxford cloth and 500D PVC mesh cloth, offering you durable usage and accompany, as the sturdy cloth can afford heavy weight bags. Besides, the weight bags are also well sealed and sand inside would not leak.
Safe for kids - A pump-action for guns that requires no batteries would be better for the younger child to operate. The very-light-weighted sponge balls do no damage to their targets -- household items, and people, even the kids can battle friends with the foam balls. Give as a birthday and holidays (Valentine's Day, Children's day, Christmas, Halloween, Thanksgiving & New Years) present for kids age 6,7,8,9,10,11,12.
✔【Clean & Care】- This yoga mat made of high quality moisture resistant natural rubber. It prevents sweat from soaking in and causing smell. The mat can be washed by machine. Save time and enjoy relaxing exercise.
Multiple Uses - You can use this boxing bag to release stress, fitness boxing training, build muscle, lose weight or other. It is suitable for boxing trainers, men, women, and even teenagers and children.
High quality solid cast kettlebell encased in color-coded vinyl to protect both floor and kettlebells
Baseball seams Tote Handbag:The baseball tote handbag has 5 pockets,a large zippered pocket at the back, and the interior is lined and has a small zippered pocket.2 opened pockets on the both side. The bag is snap closured.
SIZE - Dimensions: approximately 22 inches x 24 inches STRAP: 17" long
Practical: The posture corrector sticks can be used to improve hunchback, chest expansion, open back and standing training, pull your shoulders to the real position, correct bad posture, especially suitable for office workers, the elderly, and children.
Extra Thick (1/4", 6.2mm thickness)
PROTOCOL: Where form, function, and fun play together. Gifts and sporting goods for all that are well-designed, crafted, and capable. The combination of real-world practicality and a dose of fun for all ages
GREAT GRIP: Jade Yoga mats provide a superior level of traction. We use natural rubber which has a much stronger grip and more cushion than any of the synthetic rubbers on the market (PVC, PER, TPE, EVA).
PORTABLE LIGHTWEIGHT YOGA MAT: Size: 71 x 26 Inch (180 x 66 cm). Thickness: 1 mm. Our lightweight fitness mat can easily folds up and easily fits into your travel bag or case. This thin yoga mat can be used alone, can also cover the public yoga mat. Enjoy a convenient and clean yoga experience anywhere on the go
Unique shape: Allows for a wide range of striking techniques, perfect for Muay Thai, boxing and other combat sports
★100% Quality Warranty: All INNSTAR Products Are Come with 100% Lifetime Guaranteed to insure you could buy it without any concerns.
EASY for REMOVAL: The little "tabs" on the inside of the two middle fingers make it so much easier to pull the bike gloves off
【PREMIUM MATERIAL】- Sanitized latest synthetic leather with thickening process provides a soft frosted surface. The heavy bag endure daily punching or kicking for years.
Quality Shoulder Handbag:The baseball bag is made of canvas cotton material,The mom baseball bag is durable and strong so not easy to be worn.As a result, tote is more environmentally friendly and can be reused for years.
Applicability: Suitable for boxing, Sanda, fighting and home fitness.
Neoprene
HeatGear fabric with 4 way stretch for a cool, comfortable feel
Versatile Design - This boxing spinning bar is highly versatile and can be used for various striking techniques. You can practice straight punches, hooks, uppercuts, and other boxing movements, enhancing your skills and speed. Moreover, it can also be used for kicking exercises, improving lower body strength and flexibility
Heavy duty canvas construction
Strong Resistance to Hitting: It has highly elastic EVA plus soft PU, which gives it good resistance to hitting. It has a steel frame that can well withstand every burst of force. It has also undergone multiple impact resistance tests, so you can use it with confidence.
Button closure
Natural rubber web with 14" diameter steel ring.
👊🏻【Adjustable Height Boxing Stand】 The height of the punching ball stand is adjustable from 31 inches to 40 inches perfect boy toys for kids of all ages, 8 year old boy gifts or boy toys for a 5 year old and makes a great gift for boys.
✅The world's first pocket prayer mat designed in Japan : Experience the groundbreaking innovation of The Pocket Sejadah, the world's first pocket prayer mat thoughtfully crafted in Japan. This unique prayer mat is a testament to precision engineering and thoughtful design, providing a seamless praying experience for Muslims on the go. Its compact and foldable design allows for easy carrying, making it an indispensable companion during your travels, daily commutes, and beyond.
PERFECT FOR BEGINNER USE: This set is great for adult beginners and kids. Build strength, tone your shoulders and arms, and aerobically work your entire body. For moderately skilled to advanced boxers, we recommend our heavy-duty ‘Premium’ set
DIMENSIONS: 24x72 inch/61x183x0.6 cm or 32x72 inch/80x183 x0.8 cm. Longer and wider than regular yoga mats, ideal for almost everyone.The yoga mats come with a free carry bag,you can carry to the gym or anywhere you want
Vivid Patterns: The mature high-tech printing technology makes the patterns delicate and vivid, lasting without fading. There are kinds of patterns in our store YZGO. You will find one or more items satisfy you.
Exquisite appearance design: The appearance is pear shape, the surface is bright, beautiful and practical.
POWRX: Sports Brand from Germany with over Ten Years in the European Market. We are working on giving you High-Quality Sports Tools that enable you to reach your FULL POTENTIAL
Perfect Combo of Yoga: Yoga block can shorten the distance between the body and the ground to make your moves and poses easier and more comfortable. The yoga strap not only can provide great assistance for you to hold the poses longer with comfort, but also can increase the flexibility of your body, reducing the risk of pulled muscles and other injuries.
Inflation Instructions: Let the ball sit for 2-3 days after the initial inflation, then inflate it again to allow it to be stretched to the desired size.
STEADY: Zipper seal, convenient and safe. The metal chain is sturdy and heavy duty, you can place it on the wall or other sturdy item
COMPACT and DURABLE - Creates minimal drag through the water. HRM-Swim is the smallest and lightest heart rate monitor from Garmin. Withstands repeated exposure to all swim environments, including pools, salt water and fresh water
Upgrade Velcro: Velcro straps can be adjusted according to individual needs, high-quality adhesive can still maintain its viscosity after repeated use.
𝗦𝗨𝗜𝗧𝗔𝗕𝗟𝗘 𝗙𝗢𝗥 𝗘𝗩𝗘𝗥𝗬𝗢𝗡𝗘 — The forearm strengthener is perfect for improving strength, power and speed in the wrists, fingers, and forearms. An undoubtedly best choice for Rock Climbers, Tennis Players, Athlete and Musicians to enhance the flexibility of fingers and wrists.
✅ Designed especially for traveling muslim : The Pocket Sejadah is meticulously crafted using top-of-the-line materials, including a waterproof fabric that ensures long-lasting durability. No matter where your journey takes you, this prayer mat is designed to withstand the rigors of travel and daily use, providing you with a reliable praying surface in any weather condition. The high-quality fabric not only enhances the mat's lifespan but also makes it easy to clean and maintain.
360°rotation, free suspension: 360°rotation hook, flexible and not locked, giving you a more professional boxing experience.
ADJUSTABLE HEIGHT FOR FAMILIES: This punching bag is great to be set in basements, garages or spare rooms and perfect for home gym. It can be adjusted between 47” to 60.5” to suit personal preference. This punching bag for adults is also suitable for kids above age 8.
QUALITY AND AESTHETICISM The multi layered panels of Maya Hide leather are hand stitched to make the speedball reinforced as well as stylish as the trainees use it to work on their reflex actions and fast punching training.
15 point inspection completed annually by NordicTrack trained service provider
[Moisture-proof, easy to clean]: Moisture-proof, prevent sweat from being absorbed, and use PU natural rubber to make the foam more slip resistant. The back has a small foam texture and good grip. The micropores can quickly absorb sweat, and the anti-slip effect is still not weakened. You can easily clean it with light soap and warm water. For best results, please air dry after cleaning.
Materials: 88 percent polyester, 12 percent nylon
Multi- Functionality: Our wall mountable ball rack display is the perfect accessory to organize athletic equipment. Arrange a child’s wall for a cute, practical basketball decor or mount in the garage for easy access. Install in the living room or office to display a special trophy ball or autographed souvenirs.
Upgraded Speed Bag: Made of more durable and sturdy materials, speed bag is comfortable and don’t hurt your hands.
Beginner-friendly: the yoga stool is a perfect headstand trainer for beginners: follow the instruction to learn yoga inversion(Shirshasana) in 4 steps; the detachable block can also be used as a yoga brick for other yoga poses
24.5" Height x 12" Width x 14" Deep (Top) x 7" Deep (Bottom), Weight 36.2 lb,The wall mount boxing bag requires a minimum installation width of 19"
PUNCH BAG AND A PAIR OF BAG GLOVES allow you to add diverse combinations to your training session. Tri layered Maya hide leather punch bag lets you practice MMA, kickboxing, Muay Thai and more.
Perfect the best uppercut in the game with this uniquely-designed horizontal bag
CALLING ALL YOGIS: Whether your daughter is a beginner or has been practicing since preschool, this die cut yoga mat for kids provides the Zen she needs! Namaste
🌺PREMIUM QUALITY-Measures 16"x16"x 5", it is filled by 100% top-grade buckwheat hull offer the firmness need in a stability meditation and years of usage.
SWEATING 3 TIMES MORE THAN USUAL :Wear High Resilience Sweating Belt To Sport, increase body temperature, and produce 3 times more sweating, which can quickly absorb sweating, so that you are always dry and fresh outdoors. Helps you burn more calories, healthy and rapid to Shape Hourglass body.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE COMPETITION GRADE WRIST WRAPS! - These sleek wraps are designed to offer maximum comfort and support and won’t dig into your wrists. We are confident in the quality of our lifting straps and think it's fair to also offer a lifetime replacement promise.
Maya Hide bag gloves are ideal for practicing jabs and upper cuts knowing that the gel foam padding will guard your hands against heavy impacts. Elastic wrist support in the bag mitts stabilizes your punch form.
SAFE FOR KIDS, PETS, AND YOU! Made with love in San Clemente Ca, USA. We make cleaning easy so you can go enjoy your life, and your yoga class.
QUALITY FABRIC: Good Oxford cloth material is wear-resistant and durable for years of use, with PU patch on the middle which is smooth enough to protect your hand from abrasion
Effective Workout: Our sandbag offers you effective workout, as ample weight sandbags with 6 rubber handles ensures you can do weight lifting stably and comfortably. Furthermore, the adjustable weight helps you strengthen ability step by step.
💪【Widely Use】Essentials Thick Yoga Mat Fitness & Exercise Mat with Easy-Cinch Yoga Mat Carrier Strap,Large Yoga Mat for Pilates Stretching Home Gym Workout, Extra Thick Non Slip Anti-Tear Exercise Mat,Yoga Mat, Non-Slip Yoga Mat Eco Friendly Exercise & Workout Mat with Carrying Strap - for Yoga, Pilates and Floor Exercises,yoga mats for women,yoga mat strap,yoga mat,hot yoga mat,yoga mat for women,thick yoga mat,cotton yoga mat,yoga mat for men.
Steel
Weighted Gloves 4 lbs: Left and right hand weighted gloves weight 2 pound each, Great for weight training, shadow boxing, cardio kickboxing or other weight training, can be used with boxing gloves, VR controllers to add weight resistance to any workout to increase strength and cardio intensity.
Solid and Durable: The sewing of our punching square pad is solid and durable, you can use it for a long time and do not warry about it broken
Fun for the whole family: Little brawlers and grown-up champs can blow off some steam with this pedestal bag - Great for working out your arms - Great alternative to otherwise heavy punching bags.
🏋ADDITIONAL FEATURES: Absorbent terry cloth thumb panel to wipe away sweat. Includes a complimentary storage bag. Available in 2 different colors and 3 different sizes.
DENSE & STURDY – These yoga accessories supply complete support when you need it most. The two high density foam blocks help enhance strength, improve stability, and deepen stretches. A strong yoga bolster that props up your back, hand and wrist.
👊【Buyers Should Learn】: Base will be more stable if filled with sand than other fillings. Base and the boxing bag will be shipped separately due to large size, the one should arrive after another within 1 or 2 days. Please contact us, if you don’t’ receive them all. We’d love to offer 1 year warranty for all customers.
MULTIFUNCTIONAL USE: Pole dancing mats are great for home use, fitness or travel coaches, great for pole dancing or other fitness exercises like yoga, tumbling, stretching and more.suit for any exercise!
【Easy To Install】The complete accessories, can be installed soon. You can start your boxing training at home or in the office like a professional boxer.
【NON-SLIP & HIGH QUALITY MATERIAL】This Push up aid stand is made of high quality ABS ductile plastic with strong toughness. The non-slip handle is wrapped in a soft and elastic rubber material, which helps distribute pressure evenly, thereby reducing stress and joint tension on the user’s wrists and elbows. In addition, multiple anti-slip plugs are provided to help stabilize the strength training pull up bars.
★ 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE! Customer Satisfaction is our top priority. If you have any problem with your yoga matt, please feel free to contact us and we’ll offer you a satisfying solution. NO MORE HESITATE, just add this excersize mat to your shopping cart and BUY IT NOW!
LIGHTWEIGHT WITH A YOGA STRAP – The mat comes with a handy dual-use yoga mat strap. The mat is lightweight and portable. Use the strap to carry the mat in your hand or sling it over your shoulder when you want to be hands-free.
ADD CHEER TO YOUR CELEBRATION: Fun play for parties and general entertainment.
【ERGONOMIC SEAT & COMFORTABLE CUSHION】Provided with wide, fully padded seat and foam-filled cushion, the exercise bike stationary ensure you have a comfort riding experience for a long time. The stable workout bike can hold weight up to 300lbs.
✅ Humanized Design: Ultralight, microfiber and BREATHABLE mesh on the back of gym gloves make it Comfortable to wear and Breathable to use. Hexagonal silica gel antiskid to enhance the grip. A pull buckle on the fingertip designed to make it easy take off.
ERGONOMIC DESIGN GROOVE : Scientific ergonomic design groove,release pressure and discomfort from your neck. hip thrust pad on both sides evenly distributes the weight on the shoulders,provide maximum protection for your shoulder and neck. This barbell cushion fit most barbells easily
TRAINING EFFECTS - Because the Fitness Mat is Extra Thick, you have a better Footing when Standing. This allows you to perform Balance Exercises Safely and Stably. The Innovative, Fine Pores ensure both a Long Service Life and Optimal Cushioning during your Daily Training.
FUNCTIONAL & VERSATILE: This sports utility storage organizer is ideal for game rooms, garages, basements, gyms, schools or the workplace; Create extra storage wherever you need it and maximize unused space; Use this to hold a variety of sporting equipment or to create stations for each sports storage need
Easy to adjust the tightness of the weights on your legs and hands and more importantly you can adjust how much you want to use
Foldable and easy to carry: the thin yoga mat can easily to fold up and come with a convenient carrying pouch.So you can take the yoga mat to travel,yoga gym and anywhere you want.
Low friction design is engineered for maximum speed
【Our service】:If you cannot understand the package content, please contact me before placing an order. Because of jet lag, I will reply you within 12 hours.
Made with Leather
If our bags still arrive damaged or if you have any concern with bag, we will send a replacement ASAP just contact us and we'll take care of you 100% guaranteed.
If you have any questions or questions, please feel free to contact us, we will reply you within 24 hours
HIGH QUALITY:Good quality canvas cloth material is wear-resistant and durable for years of use, with PU patch on the middle which is sleek enough to protect your hand from abrasion.
ANKLE STRAPS - Included in the GoFit Extreme Pro Gym Set are 2 reinforced ankle straps for safe movement during your workout.
QUALITY: RIP-STOP exterior shell. Quadruple stitched for superior quality. Our bags will not rip. These bags are hanging in many gyms across the world for more than 35 years and still holding up.
D-Ring pivots to prevent tripping when not in use
ENHANCE MUSCLE:Heavy boxing punch bag is used for professional boxing training, can enhance muscle strength and physical fitness.
Multiple benefits: practicing a headstand promotes blood circulation and balance, relieves stress and tension, strengthens the upper body, spine, and core, and even improves sleep & digestion
❤Logistics and After Sale❤: About Production time,Since our products are all handmade, ti will take about 3-7 days. If you have any questions or if you are not completely satisfied, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will reply and solve all problems within 24 hours.
Thickness of Bearing: 24mm
TRAIN HARDER: Take boxing and MMA training to the next level with this hanging heavy bag
OFFROAD & POWERFUL: Equipped with 2 powerful electric motors,led headlight and high-quality soft and anti-crash duable rubber tires, shock absorption, strong grip, anti-skid, and not afraid of slippery roads.Rc crawler car fits for indoor and outdoor like sandy beach, wetlands, grasslands, etc.
Trusted by Families Worldwide - With over 50 million sold, ThinkFun is the world's leading manufacturer of brain games and mind challenging puzzles
Use the speed bag to reach your athletic and fitness goals with strength building and cardio in one
LET THE CALORIES BURNING:Maybe you are accustomed to lifting weights or running on the treadmill, but fight Ball might be even better and far more compelling. The unpredictability of the rebounding ball, coupled with the intensity of your punches will really burn out your arms, chest, shoulders and upper back, perfect for calorie burning and conditioning! In addition, it's very addicting!
RUBBERIZED FEET FOR STABILITY – A functional addition to your gym, this free weight organizer features rubberized feet that protect your floor from scratches. It also absorbs shock during re-stocking, preventing the rack from sliding.
✔【Premium Stitch Work】: The stitching is solid and delicate. Metal buckles can firmly connect the sandbag and metal chain. Zipper seal, convenient and safe. The metal chain is sturdy and heavy duty, can be hang on wall. After padded, the sandbag can absorb shock to decrease the impacts and protect your bones.
What's in package: RitFit PC-410 Power Cage * 1 , RitFit Adjustable Weight Bench * 1 .
NON-SLIP DESIGN - Keeps the monitor in place, even during push-offs from pool walls.
✅ Produce the sweat Reduce the Stress: As you wear this waist strap, your whole stomach is covered which leads to more sweating and fat burning. This results in flattening of abdomen and making your curves more attractive. It will improve your posture, protect your spine and also reduce your waistline quickly.
35% latex 65% polyester
🔥WIDER WAISTBAND & HIGH WAIST🔥QZSH men sauna yoga pants use a waistband 3 cm wider than others waistband,The abdomen doesn't feel too tight ,increase belly more comfort,give you comfortable sports.More elastic,no deformation or tearing.High waisted workout thighbands can stretch according to your body contour without affecting the standard range of motion, allowing you to focus on your training without getting in the way,slimming thighs,at the same time,slimming waist
UNIVERSAL SPEED BALL:Suitable for boxing, free combat, kickboxing or other punching training.
【Large Capacity】: 58×40×130cm/22.8×15.7×51.2inch. The height of each layer is 24cm(9.4in), the length of the crossbar is 60cm(23.6in). Holds 20 yoga mats. 50×40×130cm/19.7×15.7×51.2inch. Holds 10 yoga mats.
Natural Rubber and Suede
Versatile Uses - Perfect for yoga, playrooms, and cosplay costumes, these foam floor tiles also provide support while standing or sleeping inside tents while camping.
87% Nylon, 13% Spandex
Designed to mount in 16" on-center wood wall studs for home use, or masonry walls for gym use
🥊BLACK & WHITE MATCHING - Our kids boxing equipment is different from any other products in the market. Classic black&white colors express fashion, simplicity, and nostalgia with a new modernist design style, combined with PU material to form a different sense. At the same time, it gives a charm of wildness and release.
Junior never gets hurt and can take as many throws as you can dish out
<p>★ BUILD EXPLOSIVENESS: The Resistance Parachute simulates sled workout creating drag and increasing leg drive and top end running speed that translates to any sport, not just football. Strengthen legs in combination with other accessories.</p>
EASY SET UP: Includes easy to follow instructions for the base of the stand, which fills with sand or water to set firmly in place—tighten the inflatable punching ball at the top and the base at the bottom, carefully inflate your punching ball, and go
EXCELLENT QUALITY: Made of 50 X 70mm commercial steel square frame with a thickness of 2mm. The product weighs 255lbs with 16 reinforcing tabs which increase its stability during training. Cage size - 66.9"L×63"W×84.3"H | Max user weight - 400 lbs. | Max capacity on Safety bar - 700lbs.|Max capacity on cable 300lbs.| Max capacity on dip bar - 350 lbs.| Max capacity on pull-ups bar - 400 lbs.
92% Polyester, 8% Spandex, 100% Polyurethane
SAFE – Each yoga brick measures 3” x 6” x 9” and is made with 100% EVA foam. They are recyclable and non-toxic; free of chlorides, heavy metals, phenols and latex. The yoga strap is made from soft cotton that won’t chafe with D-rings to help secure stretches.
Large crossbody handbag with adjustable shoulder traps: Made by canvas, nylon lining,sturdy, soft and water-washable. The main pocket is divided into 2 compartments with 2 separate small pockets, a zipper pocket in backside，Can be the essential everyday daily purse.
Includes limited lifetime manufacturer's warranty
Ships Filled. Made in USA Heavy Bag.
This Boxing Strike Pad is famed for its lightness and is engineered with skin leather material. The construction is firmly and solidly built making it the most durable. Superior leather built makes it a perfect choice for MMA, Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, karate trainings.
✅ULTRA-DURABLE FITNESS DIP BELT: Train smarter and push your dips to the next level with the tough and dependable design of our weight belt. Increase Strength and Muscle Gains - Ideal for weightlifting, bodybuilding, pullups, and general fitness this dipping pull up belt helps target the pec major, pec minor, triceps, rhomboids, traps, and deltoid muscle groups
85% Nylon, 15% Spandex
COMPRESSION & SUPPORT: The Nike sports bra for women utilizes a snug compression fit, providing medium support for a variety of training activities.
Premium Quality and Excellent Service: Our water bottle pouch is constructed from premium, long-lasting materials. In addition, you can always get in touch with our helpful customer care team if you have any queries or problems.
【Safety base】The boxing speed ball base adopts 24 large suction cups with strong grip, firmly sucks the ground, stable and not easy to fall, suitable for smooth ground.
✅ COMPLETE SET: JP Unfilled Punch Bag comes with 18” Wall bracket, Hanging Chain, Bag Mitt and a GIFT of Jump Rope. You can choose the bag size according to your need.
STABLE FREESTANDING BASE with 8 strong suction cups and the capacity to hold up to 66 lb. of water or 100 lb. of sand (recommended), this punching bag stand stays firmly in place.
Adjustable Height: the height of this punching bag ranges from 30.75" - 47.25", allowing you to set it to the best height. The steel pipe is tough and solid too, so there is no need to worry about punching it to pieces.
100% Natural oak tree bark. Free from latex, silicone, phylathates & PVC.
Adjustable Length, Free Expansion: Our yoga sticks stretching tools can meet different heights, the shortest 62cm and the longest 92cm can be adjusted, simple and convenient, you can take the stick to the gym or other places you want.
Moisture wicking lining is ideal for cool, comfortable and dry workouts
[Perfect for Calorie Burning and Conditioning] - The reflex fight ball is a good alternative for cardio exercise. It will work all muscle groups and let you enjoy the fun of boxing training in your spare time. It can greatly mobilize every muscle in your body and make you energetic in your work and life.
COLOR–CODED RESISTANCE – 7 color-coded bands are sold individually but can be combined using durable metal carabiners to provide up to 23 levels of resistance.
WAIST-ONLY HEAT-TRAPPING: We use advanced fabric composition of spandex and polyurethane. The inner lining of the upper part of this item is made up of polyurethane which is an excellent thermal insulator. After prolonged use, this mid-rise short will reduce waist size, smooth your thighs, and shape your butt.
✔After sales service ✔ If you have any questions, please contact us . We will be reply in 24 hours.Our team will promise 90-day products exchange or money back guarantee. Thank you for your support. 已有版权，请勿随意抄袭.
【Non-slip& Double-layer Anti-tear】Both sides of this fitness exercise mat have a special non-slip texture, it density is higher than ordinary yoga mats, providing excellent traction and grip. With double-layer anti-tear materials designed, durable and warp-resistant.
🥊QUALITY ASSURANCE - Kids punching bag with gloves is made with durable and high-quality PU leather. Big ball increases fun and hit rate. Comfortable premium boxing gloves are used to protect kids’ young hands. CPC and CPSIA Certification. Withstand all the punching power of the kids.
【Two installation methods】Bracket installation: it is necessary to punch holes on the music boxing to fix the bracket and install it on the wall (equipped with screws). Although this method is firm, it is more recommended to use the second method - Velcro installation: just stick a magic sticker with double-sided adhesive tape on the boxing equipment and the wall, which is firm and easy to adjust, and children can enjoy it.
★ Punch bag is made of canvas cloth and PU material, which is wear-resistant and durable for years of use. It is a great workout tool for home or gym use. a great gift to release stress and stimulate potential! ADD TO CART NOW!
❤ Our yoga mat is made of premium material. It is waterproof friendly, Non-Toxic, superior durability, cushioning and slip-resistance. suitable for many forms of Yoga, Pilates and fitness.
Dimensions: 19" Diameter x 25" Height
Super absorbent: dries in half the time of a cotton towel (ideal for hot yoga)
Sold in Pairs or Sets: 10-55lb Plates come in Pairs, sets come in 160lbs, 210lbs, 260lbs, or 370lbs
The BalanceFrom multifunctional double-sided sports yoga mat has a double-sided non-slip surface, which has excellent non-slip advantages and can prevent injuries.
Heavy bags ship unfilled
Duel strapping system stabilizes the bag more and allows you to better focus on a variety of punches, used to set-up the uppercut
Clean: Easy to clean,can wash by hand or machine,and cool water to wipe clean is much better.
💪【Perfect Full Body Exercise Equipment】We designed the latest pulley system gym accessories after market research and communication with fitness experts. By changing the connection ways between the hoist buckle and the high strength alloy cable, you can get multiple functional exercise methods: Biceps Curl, Triceps Pull Down, Lat Pull Down, Row, Fly etc. Can effectively help you to train full body muscles, building your core. Make you can clearly feel the muscle building up after every stretch.
👊【SPRINGS BACK IN PLACE WITH EASE】- Designed for optimal and safe use,our free standing boxing bouncy ball eatures a strong, durable spring at the base of the shaft. This allows the spring mounted bouncy ball to bounce back into position every time after every hit.
👊 This fun standing punching bag is perfect for staying healthy or releasing stress. Every time the shock sways back and forth, it is very suitable for boxing training.
🤸‍♀️【𝗟𝗔𝗥𝗚𝗘 𝗖𝗔𝗣𝗔𝗖𝗜𝗧𝗬 𝗦𝗧𝗢𝗥𝗔𝗚𝗘 𝗔𝗣𝗔𝗖𝗘 】: Oududianzi gym storage rack features 5 major storage parts, 3 Layers of Metal Mesh to store your yoga mat, dumbbells, kettlebells, yoga brick, resistance band, roller wheel, foam roller etc; One Side Basket Rack for at least two foam rollers storage; 2-Sectional Iron Holder for elastic exercise bands, roller wheel, Pilates rings etc; Movable Hooks for hanging your resistance bands and skipping rope. One Storage Rack for elastic rod.
GLOVES WITH DRAPE DESIGN：Freestanding Punching Ball hook and loop fasteners on the gloves, simple and convenient. Gloves' drape design to make sure that it will not split because of tension.
✅ Wrap It Up: Waist trainer belt for women is available in only one size enough for all body sizes, tummy wrap is 13.1ft long, 5inch wide and 1.5mm thick you can easily adjust it according to your comfort, stomach wraps made with 30% latex and 70% polyester material which is very comfortable, elastic, stretchy, breathable and skin-friendly.
【HOOK & LOOP CLOSURE】 Waist trainer for women with loop design help you easy wear and make tummy wrap stay well. This waist trainer wraps belly smooth. The velcro is strong and attaches very easily which enhance the compression make waist wrap bandage feels around your tummy.
PRIZE FORM presents a pro-grade Cobra Reflex Bag suitable for your home gym. This is a must-have punching bag to improve accuracy, rhythm, your overall fitness and to release stress.
★ Unfilled punching bag can be filled with old clothes, wood chips, sand, cotton and other waste fabrics. You can fill up with what ever you desire,(sponge , plastic bags, old clothes, cotton or Etc.)
Durable Cable Machine Handles with Extra Safety: The cable grip of the handles ensures they do not slide or wiggle in our hands under load, we can pull or push with these handles and there is no slip, chaffing, rubbing or soreness in our hands afterward which is a great feature.
KIDS' GIFTS FOR BOYS AND GIRLS: Silly socks for boys could be the perfect gifts for boys aged 7 to 10 years. Similarly, crazy socks for girls could also be the perfect gifts for girls aged 7 to 10 years.
👊SAFETY IS PARAMOUNT - Made of durable plastic, the Monster punching toy is soft all over. A soft, safe place for your kids to land when at play or when they’re being a little aggressive. Perfect for kids who have anger management issues. Fill the base with water or sand and the monster will bop back every time.
Material: made of high quality microfiber and natural rubber
🌺MEDITATION PLUS-This meditation cushion has a layer of foam offers a soft landing before properly align hips and spine for correct posture. It reduces direct pressure on your knees, ankles, and back, while increases comfort, and allows longer, deeper, pain-free meditation and yoga..
LOOSE FIT: a loose-fitting top and bottom make this pajama set comfortable all night long. Your child will get plenty of wear-time from the set as they grow!
Hanging Straps: Jayefo boxing heavy bag can be made a boxing set with punching bag stand and boxing gloves. This punching bag for adults has industrial heavy duty hanging straps attached to it with reinforced stitching along with bungee cord slot for kickboxing sessions.
High quality, non-toxic, Ideal for endurance training, running, exercising, hiking and all kind of cardio exercises
* EXCELLENT CRAFTSMANSHIP BRACELET * The High-quality Jewelry Featured in the Vnox Offers Great Values at Affordable,they Made of High Quality Stainless Steel, Stronger and More Durable, Will Never Fade, Rust, Tarnish, Corrode, Stain, Never Turn Skin Green,polished Finish, All Edges Around the Crucifix Cross Pendant Necklace is Well Polished and Smooth.
❥【Different Level of Resistance】- The workout bands is divided into 3 different levels of resistance:Yellow band(Light, 0.35mm), Pink band(Medium, 0.45mm), Blue band(Heavy, 0.55mm).Never worry about the exercise bands too too hard, easily switch between the 3 levels to your preference anytime.
Whether catcher, first base, pitcher, outfield or manager or coach, baseball is a beloved American pastime and this baseball seam design is a unique way to show your passion for the sport.
EASY CLEAN - For sure! Non-porous mats are easy to wipe away sweat, and clean dirty feet.
The outer diameter of this adapter is designed to be exactly 50mm, which matches any 2" Olympic weight board and barbell collar.
Ribbed crew neck with interior taping for durability and comfort
OPTIMAL THICKNESS: 6mm thick offers the most comfortable experience for all levels of yoga. Most rugs are too thin or too thick. KIUI PRO Yoga Mats are ideal for providing the optimal level of cushion and protection for your joints and knees, while allowing you to grip the ground for balance.
18" Diameter on top funnels down to 11" on bottom for a one-of-a-kind workout!
New-design Base and upgraded with 19 Strong Suction Cups - Lager and double layer design base is about 12 feet high. 182lbs filled with sand, 137lbs with water approx. Together with 18 bottom suction cups, increasing suction power. Sand is the best option for fill material. Please keep suction cups on clean and dry surface
Includes - HRM-Swim, manuals
𝗛𝗔𝗡𝗗 𝗚𝗥𝗜𝗣 𝗦𝗧𝗥𝗘𝗡𝗚𝗧𝗛𝗘𝗡𝗘𝗥 𝗪𝗢𝗥𝗞𝗢𝗨𝗧 𝗞𝗜𝗧 - 𝟱 𝗣𝗔𝗖𝗞 — The grip trainer set contains Adjustable Hand Gripper, Wrist Workout, Finger stretcher Resistance Band, Hand Strengthener Grip Ring and Stress Relief Grip Ball, which can help strengthen and exercise your hand, fingers, wrist, elbows, and forearms.
✓  ★★★★ 3ft Boxing Punch Bag
Made in USA or Imported
【Easy To Carry】Give away portable oxford cloth storage bag, which can be easily carried to the gym or home workout,meet your various workout needs.
✓ ★★★★ ✓ Unique interior surface Tough support increase stability and heavy bag strength. Heavy duty nylon straps provide security and safety. no Drilling no bolts no Screws
EASY SET UP & USE: Ideal for use with a weight loaded cable pulley or resistance bands (supplied), do your Iron Neck exercises anywhere, any time. Our adjustable pad system fits all head sizes.
Hours of healthy fun - The GaHoo Punching Bag Set is perfect for children, offering hours of healthy and active fun. Boxing is a great fitness exercise that helps kids sweat, strengthen muscles, improve body balance, increase gross motor skills, enhance hand-eye coordination, and build confidence. Designed with kids in mind, this punching bag set is the ideal way for them to release stress and control their emotions through punching
ADJUSTABLE WEIGHT: The base tank can be filled with up to 270 pounds of sand, providing stability during intense workouts and allowing for customizable resistance.
✅ Designed with heavy duty straps that are made out of the same material as the punching bag, so you don’t need any chains
*Time and Alarm:Calendar display,can choose 12 /24 hour system,2 alarm clock(can turn off).
Please use sandwich bags filled with sand
STUFFED WITH IRON SANDS - Stuffed with no chemical iron sands, this weight vest is perfect for strength training, muscle building, stair climbing, weight loss, weightlifting, walking, running and more, helping improve cardio conditioning and body strength, giving you more power, speed, and agility.
SECURE AND VERSATILE - Enjoy a secure workout with four sturdy straps for optimal placement, making our heavy-duty punching bag perfect for home use and a complete workout.
👊【BOXING PUNCHING BAG FOR ADULTS & TEENS】- Our boxing speed ball premium quality and stable & durable,constructed with attention to detail and top quality materials to ensure durability and longevity.The reflex ball cobra bag comes with a durable base, spring loaded adjustable shaft.
ACROSS-THE-BOARD TRAINING – The addition of bag gloves to the set ensures that the users get a complete training routine while using the 2-piece punch bag set
nylon-mesh
Flexible Fit | See videos for hand placement. Center your hand on the palm arch and adjust to find your best spot. Marked for Right and Left. Fingers do not have to fill cutouts.
ADJUSTABLE & SMART DESIGN | Easily add or remove insert filler sandbags to customize the weight from 50 - 120 lbs. Six filler rucksack weight bags are included. Each weight lifting bag is optimized with 7 handles for a range of high or low rep fitness options
Cork
★ IMPRESSIVE DESIGN ★ – This bar made from high-grade steel, giving it a tensile strength rating of 190 000 psi and 1500 lb capacity (a 500 lb increase from the Synergee Open Barbell). You can depend on it for all your workouts no matter the weight.
Instant Home Gym in Any Room – Goodbye gym membership. Just unstrap and unroll to transform any room in your house into your very own home gym. Our exercise mats are large enough for any cardio, strength, or dance workout including P90x, TAM, Insanity, T25, Zumba, TRX, kettle bell, jumping rope and more!
Come in Black or Color Coded: Black Plates are the most economical, color coded offers convenience by easy weight recognition. Weight displayed on both in Lbs and KGs
Double-Lined Hanging Strap Discourages Splitting.
FREE STANDING PUNCH BAG-This target is made of good quality PVC material, lightweight and durable, the bottom has thickened design, more wearable and suitable for both indoor and outdoor use,With 160cm/63.0in tall, it can rebounds quickly and gently, convenient to carry, inflatable, can be used anytime, anywhere.
Extra Thick Yoga Mat: 1mm in thickness offers the most comfortable experience for all level yogis. Double layer structure design provides optimal grip, Absorbed sweat more, the anti-slip function is more stronger. Suitable to practice many forms of Yoga.
✅Black Rotating Pull Down Bar: 18-inch length and 1-inch diameter, 360-degree swivel with electrophoresis coating and textured handles to prevent from corrosion, rust and endure ,Weight Capacity: Up to 800 lbs.Ideal for performing pull downs,triceps press downs, upright rows,straight bar curls, seated rows, etc.
Perfect for punching, kicking, and building balance, as well as for training and practicing a variety of moves in your workout sessions
75% COTTON, 22% NYLON, 2% SPANDEX, 1 % POLYESTER
CONVENIENT NON-HANGING DESIGN: With its non-hanging design, you can easily move around the bag in a 180-degree range, enabling you to position it wherever is most convenient in your home or commercial gym.
【High Quality materials & No Risk Purchase】: Made of high-quality, flexible silicone, to ensure optimal exercise results. Unconditionally refund or resend with any problems, friendly customer service.
☀WAIST TRAINER TRAINING TRIMMER BELT: Our waist trainer is made of 100% latex-free stretchy neoprene finest fabric, which means it is easy to clean, fits to your body, and will not pitch or irritate your skin.Double-adjustment hook&loop for sizing accuracy mesh backing for breathability during fitness activities.The waist trainer belt is perfect for weight loss training or even postpartum back support.
The Nomad XL measures 80″ x 48″ to create the perfect yoga mat for a home studio/gym, therapeutic yoga and much more. A premium layer of eco-friendly cork provides a non-slip surface that is easy to care for and maintain.
✅ The Perfect In the Middle Size 6: This football measures 10 x 5 in / 26 x 13 cm which is a perfect size for all ages, from kids to adults!
🥊【Heavy Bag with Full Accessories】Includes：1 x 4ft punching bag, 1 x 12oz boxing gloves, 1 pair boxing hand wraps, 1 x reflex ball set of 3 training level, 1 x jumping rope, 1 x rotation 4-pannel, 1 x connecting carabiner, 1 x punching bag hanger .One punching bag set meet all your needs in boxing, kickboxing, karate, taekwondo, muay thai, MMA training.
32oz STAINLESS STEEL BASEBALL SOFTBALL FLASK TUMBLER CUP- Yellow and red softball finish stainless steel softball flask, vacuum sealed similar to many popular national brands and water bottles.
A 2" poly rubber interior liner provides a less dense striking surface and keeps bag more perfectly round and cylindrical, even after intense training.
Strategically built to provide a density and consistency that gives you a more realistic, life-like feel
Durable military grade nylon reinforced vinyl construction will hold up to your most powerful assault
SUPER ABSORBENT: coral velvet kitchen cloths perform better in absorbing water than cotton and microfiber dishtowels, they can absorb liquid quickly and you’ll never have to worry about water, soup and milk on the counters, dinning table and floor.
💖Extra Large Storage For Bath Towels-The roll towel rack measures 28.35inX7.87inX0.99in, and the distance from the wall is 5.9in. The towel rack is big enough and delicate enough to hold 6 regular-sized towels, making it perfect for even large rolls or fluffy bath towels. And the mounted towel rack can be placed flexibly, you can put it anywhere in the bathroom to store towels of various sizes, such as bath towels, hand towels, beach towels, fitness towels, etc
LEGO City Great Vehicle toy cars make great birthday or Christmas gifts for boys and girls through fun scenarios that depict real life
Made in the USA or Imported
Any Where - Any Time Workout: Sculpt your ideal body with solid cast iron kettlebells that last a lifetime - no welds, weak spots, or seams
CUSTOMIZED PATTERNED☀ - Custom personalized pullover hoodies are acceptable, please feel free to contact us if you want customize your own images! Multicolor for choosing. Meet your different kids styles, such like tie dye, sloth, llama, leopard print, dinosuar, horse, dog, funny cat and so on
Practice yoga with ultimate comfort on the comfortably cushioned Prana Verde Large Yoga Mat.
DOOR ANCHOR - This ProGym includes a door anchor made of thick, durable, and sturdy nylon webbing. The door anchor and included bag allow you to take your workout home, to work, or vacation!
Optimally Designed: The precise 15 degrees of upward tilt are designed to ensure that you can stack numerous sets of workout equipment; perfect for home gym and commercial use
Perfect shape for precision rebounding
Get a grip on your mat- tired of slipping on your mat? When plastic/rubber mats slip our cotton mats grip made of premium cotton our eco mat provides superior grip. the more you sweat the more your grip the feel is firm, not squishy
【HEALTH MATERIAL】Qilmy Yoga mat is made from natural tree rubber and Microfiber printed surface. without PVC, toxic plasticizers or harmful dyes.Microfiber material of suface mat and non-toxic natural rubber of down mat are laminated together , the both are made of high quality econ friendly healthy and recyclable materials.
【LIGHTWEIGHT & THICK YOGA MAT】: 72in(183cm) x 24in(61cm); Thickness: 0.24in/6mm. Longer and wider than regular yoga mats, ideal almost for everyone. The subtly textured surface prevents hands and feet from slipping out of position so you can hold poses no matter how vigorous your practice gets.
MACHINE WASHABLE: Made of high quality natural rubber, Fitness mat is sturdy enough, anti-tear, and machine washable. It prevents sweat from soaking in and causing odor.The pad is washable, can easily be cleaned by machine to protect your body and clothes from unwanted dirt. It must be a perfect travel mat set for everyone.
Thickened base, diameter 65cm, more stable, better using experience.
ADJUSTABLE DUMBBELLS SET: Elevate your fitness and performance with strength-training equipment that adjusts with you. This PowerBlock Expansion Kit provides the option to take your 50 pound PowerBlock EXP Adjustable Dumbbell set up to 70 pounds.
Product 1: Textured foam construction provides traction and stability
EXTRA LARGE STORAGE SYSTEM: This durable organizer has two large baskets, one smaller basket, four accessory hooks, a divided compartment section, and adjustable feet; The straps on the front of one bin make it perfect for balls and oddly shaped items; This is what you need for organizing and storing all of your family's sports equipment; Organize indoor & outdoor sports goods in one convenient location; Keep mudrooms, entryways, and garages neat and tidy with this sports storage rack
Fast Speed Double End Bag: Our punching bag rebounds quickly, faster than most common double-end punching bags, helping fighters to enhance their speed, rhythm, and accuracy.
✧Size: 72x24 Inches/ 183x61 cm, thickness 0.24 in/0.6 cm, the upgraded thickened yoga mat is soft and has good cushioning
【Thick Yoga Mat 1/4 Inch】The yoga mat is made of high-quality TPE materials and provides enough comfort to work out on hard wood or slate/concrete surfaces.The Yoga Mat comes with elastic band to wrap it up;
Kid-friendly punching set with pump - The Punching Bag Set comes with a free pump, making it even easier for kids to fill up the ball with air. The pump is included in the set and can be conveniently stored with the rest of the boxing equipment. With its adjustable stand and inflatable punching ball, this punching bag set is perfect for improving your kid's mental and physical agility
100%
PRO TIP: For optimal grip, wet your hands or spritz a little water on your mat before practice. Sweat will also help you adhere to your mat.
Anti-Slip: This unique non-slip foldable yoga mat is designed with an anti-skid microfiber suede top and a grippy rubber base. Both sides offer good grips great for various yoga positions. No more slippery hands when posing on it on carpet, floor or on top of a studio mat. For optimal grip, wet your hands or spritz a little water on your mat before practice. Sweat will also help you adhere to your mat.
【UPGRADED SERVICE】Exquisite gift box packaging, very suitable as a gift. If you have any questions about the fitness equipment, please contact us whenever, we will reply you as soon as possible, and strive to create 100% satisfactory shopping experience for you!
📌VIBRATION PLATE WITH UNIQUE ACUPRESSURE SURFACE– Eilison OSCILLATING VIBRATION- 3D whole body vibration plate exercise machine has a unique acupressure plate surface which with the help of strong vibration from our vibration platform machine presses the pressure points on the feet which helps in relieving back pain, headache, insomnia, blood circulation, muscle & joint pain, stress, Anxiety. This workout machines helps you to release blocked energy to maintain healthy life.
CABLE CROSSOVER MACHINE: With nylon-coated great quality cables, the ratio of weight to pull is very close to 1:2. 15 height-adjustable holes provide more specific training. Band Pegs on both sides can provide effective resistance training when you squat or bench press. In addition, the weight plate bracket of the cable crossover machine fits the 2" Olympic or 1" standard weight plate.
✔【Best Size】- 71 x 26 inch, 1mm thickness, two-in-one design can be used alone or with thick yoga mat, clean and health. Unlike other bulky mats, lightweight and thin design makes our yoga mats can fold up easily. Come with a carry bag make sure you can easy to carry and store our Emelivor yoga mat.
It made of durable plastic and high quality bearing which can weight up to 1000lbs
THE ORIGINAL, FROM THE FOLKS WHO INVENTED MESH ATHLETIC SHORTS - Champion's been perfecting them for decades.
BASEBALL GIFTS FOR BOYS: Baseball socks for boys could be the perfect gift for boys who love baseball, baseball players, teen boys, kids who love baseball, and teens who love baseball.
SIZE: 14 inches circumference x 72 inches height; approximately150 pounds when filled.
【Eco-Friendly Material 】Non Toxic & Free PVC yoga mat. Made with material known as PER. PER (polymer environmental resin) is a material that does not generate harmful substances such as dioxin even when incinerated.
9 INCH MULTI-FUNCTION MINI EXERCISE BALL-It is suitable for sisters with over-weight lower abdomen, hands and legs. Fitness ball has a good function of injury recovery and rehabilitation (especially for spinal and pelvic exercises).
2000g high density material for extra cushioning
【High-quality Materials】Using high-quality thick nylon webbing fabric, comfortable texture sweat guide grip attachments, upgraded metal hook instead of double d handles,used for home gym heavy duty exercise handle and resistance band with handles ,lat pull down attachment,cable crossover machine,farmers walk handles.
Ships UNFILLED/ EMPTY. NOT WATERPROOF- DO NOT FILL WITH WATER.
Easy to assemble:The double endspeed ball set includes 1 boxing speed ball, 1 pump, 1 pump needle and 2 ring locking. which is connected on both ends to the floor and ceiling by bungee cord. 180cm total length, 220cm stretchable length. The speed ball is 20cm in diameter.
[New upgrade] Punching Bag with Stand uses a more durable spring, which rebounds faster after each blow. Exercise your coordination and reaction speed, and bring you a faster and more exciting boxing experienc
🧲 COLLECT & CONNECT – With the strong internal magnet system of our Sensory puzzle boxes, you can CONNECT MULTIPLE MAGNETIC CUBES to build even larger structures and SCULPTURES – for the ultimate SATISFYING magnetic Sensory toy and brain teaser. Collect all 9 DESIGNS to create vibrantly patterned, spellbinding 3D ART!
EXPANSION CAPABILITY: This EXP Stage 2 Expansion Kit will increase your 5-50 lb. Stage 1 EXP Dumbbells (sold separately) to 50-70 lbs. per hand as your fitness level grows.
HEALTHIER MATS - Because our mat ships in a hygienic wrap protection, hang it in the sun to freshen it up. Fresh air and UV rays do wonders to new mats.
Perfect pressure relief, you can post photos in the photo area, can place the ball on a flat at will, punch the boxing ball, it will bounce back, and you can release a lot of pressure.
Material: Neoprene
Pear-Shape ball - Designed for rapid recoiling, This speed bag can help to develop your reflexes. The pear-shape provides easy targeting, allowing you to get accurate punches and good rebounds without messing up your rhythm.
【Excellent Quality】 Unlike other cheap-made products, LEKÄRO boxing bag has high-quality PU leather on the outside to protect your fists, EPE foam on the inside to absorb strong impact, and multilayer & large zipper on the top is designed to refill other fillings.
✔️POLICEMAN TOYS GEAR KIT FOR KIDS MAKES AN OUTSTANDING HALLOWEEN GIFT for both boys and girls age 3 and up.
men's fashion hoodies & sweatshirts lightweight men's jersey full zip hoodie men's activewear men's fashion hoodies & sweatshirts men's plus fashion hoodies & sweatshirts coat mens fashion coat mens clearance ealentine's day gift roll up shirts autumn clothes for men autumn clothes for men autumn sweaters for men plus size tunic tops for men long sleeve tunic tops for men cotton tunic tops for men tunic tops for men mens tunic tops 3/4 sleeve men's tunics
ULTRA STRONG RESISTANCE BANDS HANDLE GRIPS: The large black rings are both a blessing and a curse. The rings with black big metal carabiners make it easy to attach on cable weight machine system.
ORIGINAL: Speedminton is the leading manufacturer of crossminton / speed badminton equipment as well as official equipment supplier of the ICO (International Crossminton Organization).
✔️FREE BONUS QUALITY POLICE GEAR BAG is ideal for play as well as for convenient storage!
INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE: Open the bottom of the rubber stopper and plastic cover, pour a certain amount of water or sand, plug the rubber stopper, cover the plastic cover, and inflate the air pump
Fit and FEEL: (SEE SIZE CHART) Slips on and wraps up to fit comfortably and securely. Its 36-inch wrap is the right length to support your wrist as you train without feeling bulky under your gloves.
Perfect for developing hand and foot technique and building nice body
🏋ALL-PURPOSE TRAINING & FITNESS GLOVE: Ideal for use with gym equipment such as exercise machines, free weights, dumbbells, bar exercises and more.
Completely machine washable for added benefits
EASY & QUICK ADJUSTABILITY: Quickly adjust the weight set up or down for your exercise with the secure magnetic polypropylene pin. The pin has a 500 lbs. max load. Comes with a 5-year warranty.
RESISTANCE TUBES – GoFit’s Ultimate ProGym includes 3 premium rubber resistance bands at increments of 20, 30, and 40 pounds, offering 7 levels of resistance when bands are added and subtracted!
[Release Energy]: This inflatable boxing punching bag is a great way to both burn energy and release frustration, improve hand/eye coordination, get hours of fun and skill training. It keeps your children active, engaged and healthy, they can burn energy all the time, relieve stress, and help them away from the TV or video games.
Stable floor sucking base: Rounded ABS base tank is engineered for easy roll relocation; Includes 12 strong suction cups beneath to stop base movement; Filled with sand can improve stability
SO MANY USES! - When you need a Ski Mask or Airsoft Mask, go Running or Hiking, Kayak or Fly Fishing, Construction, Golf, Yard Work, Play Sports, Workout at the Gym, Motorcycle Rides, Vacation, or anytime you want extra sun protection just grab your MISSION neck gaiter!
♦ Height Adjustable: This speed bag platform accommodates all athletes. Height adjustment system can set the bag on different heights during play. Adjustable from youth to adult users.
✔ Stainless Steel Number ✔ Chain Size: length: 22+2 inches. Width: 0.11 inches. Closure: Lobster claw. You can adjust the length to your liking, The chain is very strong and suitable for everyday wear.enjoy your baseball necklace.
RAPID REBOUND BALL: Our reflex bag with stand features one inflatable speed ball which is made of PU leather, wear-resistant and anti-aging, durable to use, comfortable to your hands. The rapid response design helps you increase your punch velocity and muscle elasticity.
✨【EASY TO USE】 First of all,fill the base with water or sand as you like (recommended injection volume is greater than 15L), then inflate the top part using mouth or pump(（package not include pump) . When not in use, it can be emptied and folded down ready to play another time.
Raised target zones for top level precision training
PERFECT PERFORMANCE: 6mm in thickness offers the most comfortable experience for all level yogis. Most mats are either too thin or too thick. Yoga mats are guaranteed to provide the optimal level of cushion and protection for your joints and knees while still allowing you to grip the floor for balance.
WHAT'S INSIDE - The game includes 52 Game Cards, 6 Clue Cards, 1 Card Holder and a handy box to store it all. The box size is portable & travel-friendly.
Size: Approx. 380*210*5mm, mini enough and portable for you to carry in travel or outside
【Eco Friendly And Non Toxic】The High material is soft, flexible, safe and non-toxic, and it is the healthy choice for you and the planet.
Hand washable for easy care and maintenance
Quick release pin design for fast change
Are you looking for a daily workout partner? This water bottle will do the the job, whether you're at the gym or on the trail!
Lightweight yet durable TPE lower layer for maximum comfort
ECO-FRIENDLY & BIODEGRADABLE: Crafted with 100% non-slip rubber, this eco-friendly fitness and yoga mat features natural, open-cell technology for moisture-wicking, anti-odor properties. Our yoga and pilates mat can withstand heat and high-intensity workouts! The B Mat also utilizes synthetic rubber for increased durability and longevity.
Country Of Origin: China
【SIZE & LIGHTWEIGHT】 Mat Size is 68 × 24 inches. Total weight is 3.3 LB. ½ extra　(10mm) thick provides comfort and stability. Perfect yoga and exercise mat for hard floor or carpet at home and gym. It is more suitable for people with sensitive or injured joints. It can protect your knee Especially Great for Senior.
Versatile Usage - Odoland is always meat to provide the utmost product for you. This set will meet all your kids needs in boxing, kickboxing, karate, taekwondo, muay thai, MMA training.
A CLASSIC WOOD TOY: Classic and fun, that both entertains and encourages gross motor skill development
STURDY AND DURABLE: This multifunctional abdominal trainer is made of heavy-duty steel frame, high quality cushion and Foam-covered handgrips, ensure high durability and comfortable workout. The max weight capacity is up to 660 lbs, fits for most people. Exercise easily and effectively, burning some extra calories.
💪【Your Personal Home Gym】- This resistance band set includes 5 Exercise Bands, 1 Door Anchor, 2 Ankle Straps, 2 Cushioned Handles and User Manual. Perfect for toning your arms, shoulders, chest, glutes, legs, etc. Also comes with convenient travel pouch. You can also take your bands to Gym, Office, and even workout on vacation!
🎮 ENGAGING & ENTERTAINING: Not just a punching bag kids 8-12 will love, but even the younger ones are in for hours of active fun. Perfect as boys toys, our kids boxing set is more than just boxing; think of it as an arcade game for home, a way to channel energy positively.
Ideal for home, small studio, or commercial use
SPECIFIC SIZE: Its size is 150cm x 25cm x 38cm, including free foot pump, this product can be used indoors and outdoors, inflatable sandbags can be folded flat for easy storage
The outer casing of Oxford is abrasion resistant and explosion proof and can be used for a long time.
Multipurpose: Sitting in front of the computer for a long time can cause back and shoulder discomfort. Using a yoga stick can not only improve sitting posture and relieve discomfort but also increase self-confidence, straighten your back and improve your temperament.
Includes: Bodyblade Classic, exercise wall chart, and a complete online exercise library including upper body, lower body, core, and total body workouts.
Train Exceptionally – The Protocol Heavy Bag Kickboxing Set Is An Essential For Your Boxing, Mma, Martial Arts, Kickboxing And Fitness Needs. Maximize Your Exercise Routine While Getting An Intense Cardio Workout, Improving Agility And Overall Strength.
Heavy Bag Chain & Swivel Included
Transform your body with our weighted hula hoop - the perfect piece of exercise equipment for a full body workout! This hula hoop targets the core, waist and back, strengthening your core muscles and improving posture while burning calories for weight loss. Available in a range of colors - Sky Blue, Burgundy, Black, Purple, Pink.
❖ PERFECT GIFT---3D night light would be perfect party supplies, kids kicker toys, toddler toys, birthday gifts, Thanksgiving gifts, housewarming gifts, graduation gifts, Christmas gifts for kids, baby, toddlers, friends. Ideal home decor, bedroom decor, kids room decor, baby room decor, etc.
EXTRA PADDING EQUALS TOTAL COMFORT! We know you want to work out hard, but that doesn’t mean you have to suffer from blisters, chafing and sore ankles. That’s why we’ve added an extra layer of 5mm padding to the inside of each ankle strap. Now you can focus on your form instead of being uncomfortable!
Customizable height with adjustable knob - Adjust the bracket up and down to the height that suits you. The adjustable height makes it versatile for different sized teens and adults.
IMPROVE YOUR GRIP STRENGTH & INJURY REHABILITATION - The NIYIKOW adjustable grip strengthener is excellent for strengthening hands, forearms, wrists and fingers. It’s easy and efficient, and it helps to strengthen your grip, injury rehabilitation, relieve stress, and increase stamina. Ideal for anyone wanting to develop and maintain strong healthy hands. Nice hand strength exercise for those who have Arthritis, Tendonitis, Carpal Tunnel, and those who are recovering from tendon surgery.
MULTI-SPORT - Perfect heavy bag for boxing, MMA, Muay Thai, aerobic workouts or any contact sport. Can be used for ground and pound. Great for any professional or home gym.
【Universal Kids Punching Bag Set】Measuring 23.5" x 8" (H x Dia.), this punching bag provides efficient training for young fighters, ideal for training of karate, taekwondo, muay thai, krav maga, kick boxing and more. This punching bag set is a perfect gift for kids, helping them release stress, strengthen muscles, improve self confidence, etc.
TPE is RIGHT MATERIAL: Compared with cheaper PVC, NBR material mat with slips, shreds, or smells, TPE is the latest improvement of yoga mat. This is real premium quality with Immediate-grip, Lightweight, Durability. More expensive but worth it.
REACH AND ROHS CERTIFIED with sustainable materials and lasting durability. Latex-free dual-layer yoga mats provide excellent cushioning and can withstand everyday workouts. Ideal for Tadasana, Vrikshasana, Adho, Kursiasana and more yoga poses.
designed to strengthen and condition muscles and joints of finger, wrist and forearm.
Triple stitched at the seams
Good quality canvas cloth material is wear-resistant and durable for years of use, with PU patch on the middle which is sleek enough to protect your hand from abrasion.
SPORTS ORGANIZATION SOLUTION - Totally make your place clean and neatly! Ideal for the garage, home, Storage room, playroom, gym, playgroup and school dorm.
Reduce Pressure: Maybe you are used to lifting weights or running on a treadmill, but it may be better to play ball and you can decompress!
PRO GLOVES: Pro-style 14-ounce training gloves are crafted from synthetic leather for excellent durability, breathability, comfort and feature a curved anatomical grip and fit. The gloves have anti-microbial treatment fights offensive odors and bacterial growth on your gloves
SUPER-ELASTIC ROPE:Super-stretched elastic rope, stretched up to 3meters in length, easy to hang.The ropes can connect the ball to the floor and ceiling, allowing the ball to move in all directions you want.
💪【Our Service】 We have a dedicated after-sales customer team, if you have any question about our product, contact us directly, we will give you a satisfied solution within 24 h.
HIGH-QUALITY- 2” x 2” frame with 1” 12-gauge steel tubes hold the platform and frame together for maximum stability. Mounting brackets allow the user to mount the platform onto a wall. Cement anchors and wood lag bolts are provided.
Main material: Plastic
GREAT FOR RUCKING AND MILITARY TRAINING: Adding ruck weights to your jogging or hiking is a great way to burn calories, improve aerobic endurance, build up strength and muscle mass, making you less injury prone.
【SWEAT BAND WAIST TRAINER FOR WOMEN】 Made from a neoprene fabric,WANFISTO sweat waist trimmer can accelerate sports process for a more intense workout and accumulate a good amount of sweat when working and help with trimming the waist area.
【Stable and Safe】: Punching bag stand for heavy bag, with triangle bottom and three plate tubes (each tube fits 2 plates, plates sold separately), stable and safe during punching. Train in comfort in your workout room, basement, den or bedroom with the help of this heavy bag stand.
Our yoga mat features a non-slip texture for ultimate grip and added support to your hands and feet to stable, and sustained. With this, you can be assured that you will have balanced poses and steps
👊【High-quality material】High strength Stainless steel tube stand is encased with 4 layers construction,2 mm thickened PU leather surface, High-density foam, eco-friendly fabric buffer. Faster rebound and suring to withstand long-term on slaught of kicks and punches.
Feel the energy flow - cotton is a natural material and allows subtle yogic energies to flow rubber/plastic insulates against this flow
REAL SOLID BUILT CABLE MACHINE HANDLES: The replacement handles are well made, very comfortable and the chrome hoop is strong and locks in solidly. They feel solid, but light weight at the same time.
UNLEASH YOUR INNER FIGHTER - Train like a pro with our top-of-the-line 121 lb boxing punching bag, designed to enhance strength and punch precision. Dimensions: 51 x 16.5 inches.
Spot clean with a damp cloth, cold water, and a mild detergent.
【Humanized design】The rotating button can be adjusted freely up and down according to different heights, suitable for the whole family. Flexible arm swing 360°, exercise people's flexible dodge.
15 PIECE BAG SET OFFERS 1 x Pair of RDX Punch Bag Gloves, 1 x RDX 16 Gauge Iron Diagonal Bar, 1 x Steel chains, 1 x Swivel, 1 x Jump rope, 1 x D-Shackle, 1 X Punch Bag Strap 1 x RDX Fixture and fittings, 1 x car hanging gloves, 1 x Boxing Glove key ring. 1 x RDX G-Core twinned layer non tear filled Punch bag 5ft (152cm) or 4ft (122cm).
UNIVERSAL Trainning Ball:Suitable for MMA , fighting, boxing or daily Trainninging of reaction, accuracy, , endurance, etc.
DOUBLE COMPRESSION FORCE! Tummy toning up and becoming tighter and firm with minimal workout! The inner layer uses durable adjustable hooks and smooth zipper to help you put on or off more easily. Extra Velcro belt can adjust various tightness according to your needs and make the sweat waist shaper for women fit your body perfectly without roll up. This weight loss body shaper tank tops can tighten your postpartum abdominal slack, smooth bulges and eliminate muffins, and faster melt belly fat!
Brand: YATELI
Customer Satisfaction Guaranteed – Sol Living is trusted by many happy customers around the world; your satisfaction is our top priority; if you’re not 100% satisfied, we offer a money back or replacement guarantee.
▨FREE CARRY STRAP & STORAGE BAG - No need to go buy a yoga carrying strap and bag. Easy to carry your yoga mat around with.You can take it to a yoga studio, gym, or anywhere without any burden.
✅Premium Cushioning Performance: Practice on an exercise mat that will deliver comfort and keep you supported in every pose. With high density TPE material, Ewedoos 1/4 inch fitness mat is an optimal combination of Cushion and Stability. NO MORE SORE KNEES AND ELBOWS.
IMPROVE YOUR BOXING SKILLS - The Boxing Rapid-Reflex Trainer is designed to help boxers improve their speed, precision, and reaction time. It is perfect for fighters of all levels, from beginners to professionals.
☀【Eco-friendly TPE Material】The upgraded StillCool Yoga mat is made with premium TPE material. It costs more to make, however it’s worth it when you compare it to the traditional PVC, NBR and EVA yoga mats. TPE material offers the latest technological improvement over traditional yoga mats.They are truly eco-friendly, healthy and recyclable.
【Our Service】Thank you for your love of our products, if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us, we will reply to you within 24 hours.
Helps refine alignment and balance
Pair of youth boxing gloves. Youth Headgear. Mini Punching Heavy Bag 17” Tall, 5” Diameter, 2lbs weight
👊【QUALITY ASSURANCE: 100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE】: If you are not 100% satisfied with our product, we offer a 30-day money back guarantee and life time replacement for defective items, it’s nice birthday gifts, Christmas stocking stuffers, practical gifts for teenagers, can be used anywhere every day. So what are you waiting for!
This round punching bag comes unfilled and is 22 inches in diameter
Heavy duty steel construction for durability and longevity
Basic Version: RitFit PC-410 Power Cage is 1000 lb rated featuring 2x2” steel uprights. The total footprint of the rack is 44″ W x 52″ L and it is 85″ tall. We have continuous improvement in product development accordingly customer’s feedback. This upgraded steel makes for a heavier-duty and more stable rack, both in appearance and in reality.
Medium Resistance
This is an authentic Cleto Reyes speed bag handcrafted in Mexico under strict quality control
The workout leggings is suitable for yoga,runing,gym,cycle and so on
Stable & comfortable: wood frame in rounded rectangular shape holds up to 300 lbs; non-slip pads at the bottom give you extra safety assurance on the inversion stool; 2.5-inch cushion relieves pressure on the neck & shoulder when doing a headstand
WRAPS: 120 inches of polyester-cotton material hand wrap provides breathable comfort and safety while training. The hook-and-loop closure helps the hand wrap provide a secure fit
We get the product out - Fast, Proudly Made in the USA!
🎉Welcome to CHNILOVEU shop! We provide quality products, after-sales service, allows you to buy rest assured, buy comfortable! Your support is our biggest motivation!
Premium Neoprene
Lightweight, Classic fit, Double-needle sleeve and bottom hem
Elastic closure
ECO-FRIENDLY with No Harsh Chemicals, No Plastic, No PVC, No TPE, No Silicones or Phthalates.
Long sleeves
MODERATE GRIP: Ideal for anything from hatha yoga to an energetic asana practice, lightweight, easy to clean and durable, perfect for daily use
MULTI-LEVEL STORAGE FOR FREE WEIGHTS – Store your dumbbells in a designated space that you can easily access while keeping things organized in your home gym This rack stand features a 3-tiered storage space designed to accommodate dumbbells of all sizes.
KEY DIMENSIONS: The bag measures 22" wide and 71" high, while the punching area is 55" high and 18" wide. The base has dimensions of 22" wide and 14" high, providing a stable foundation for your training.
With high density TPE material, the mat will be easy to wash.
Cardio Fitness: As you start to rotate the handles of the Boxer 3.0 gym rope you will feel just the right amount of resistance from the 5mm cord, leading to a quicker, more effective cardio burn.
DURABLE FABRIC BLEND: Straps are constructed of a durable high-quality fabric blend of polyester that will not fray or break and is made to last you for years to come - easily rolls up and fits in your yoga mat bag or tote
🥊BOUNCE BACK & STURDY BASE - 180° Strong spring allows the boxing bag to bounce back and forth, then return to its original position. The round base is sturdy, fill the base with sand or water for maximum stability, so that the punching bag with stand allows kids to punch/kick without falling!
【High Elastic Spring】The high elastic steel spring allows you to quickly restore the original position every time you hit the boxing ball without hurting you.
【FLEXIBLE & ADJUSTABLE】 Our waist trainer for women made from super stretch Fabric (40% latex 60% polyester). You will feel Non-slip and smoothing! Our waist wraps for stomach is crafted with Segmented Velcro and elastic material which make waist bandage wrap more flexible and adjustable.
Lightweight design means lightning fast rebounds, Guaranteed quality
Painted surface for increased durability and corrosion protection
TIRED OF SWITCHING YOUR ANKLE STRAPS FROM LEG TO LEG DURING WORKOUTS? We’ve designed the perfect solution! Grip Power Pads Women’s Padded Ankle Straps allow you to focus on your workouts without any distractions caused by switching cable attachments. Now you can get the body (and booty) you dreamed of without all of the hassle!
Constructed as the toughest punching bag available.
Product includes a 60-day money-back and 12-month worry-free guarantee! Please kindly contact us once you get trouble with our product. We are committed to providing you with the best service.
Upgraded Double-Sided Design – Our high-density, non-slip performance top provides unmatched durability and cushion. Unique, circle-pattern bottom grips and prevents the mat from sliding around. Yo Gorilla Mats are crafted from premium eco-friendly, non-toxic materials to create the perfect combination of heavy duty toughness, comfort and stability.
DURABLE EXTERIOR : Excellent weatherproof 80lb punching bag with triple backstitched reinforced exterior that can handle a beating at home or the gym for years to come
Designed for a full 360 degree maneuverability around the body for strikes, punches, kicks and throws, build strength, tone and condition your body with a muscle building aerobic workout.
🌺ONE CUSHION FOR ALL-Hihealer’s meditation cushion set allows you take your practice every day without a stop.
2 Pack Yoga Blocks with Strap: Yoga block is made from durable, High-Density and heavy-duty EVA foam. This durable block is designed for various poses and stances exercise from simple ones to demanding ones. Those block are odor-proof and non-absorbent, so you can have yoga exercise in secure and comfortable environment.
【SIZE】Yoga Mat about 71 inch x 26 inch,Weight: 2 LB；The lightweight fitness mat is 1/25 inch (1 mm) thick and can be easily folded into a compact rectangle of 8.6 inches x 1.4 inches. In addition, we give away free yoga storage bag, which can be easily placed in your travel bag or suitcase.
CARE: Our hand wraps are washer and dryer safe. It's recommended that you use a mesh bag and wash with similar colors.
Balanced for accurate rebounds while training
✅ Our resistance bands have been designed for all levels of conditioning, from people just starting exercising to professional athletes. These exercise bands will help you take your training to the next level. We also give you a lifetime warranty on the bands! If for any reason a band would break or rip, we will send you a new one, no questions asked! We offer a 100% satisfaction Guarantee!
High Quality Material of Boxing Ball with Base: Punching boxing ball made of high-grade PVC ball and high-elastic rubber, fast return, heavy-duty, full-feeling, and resistance to hitting hands
Machine Washable: easily be cleaned by machine to protect your body and clothes from unwanted dirt. You will feel comfortable and enjoyable while using it. Feel ease to enjoy your exercise anytime.
Your Choice exercise sliders is also the perfect gift for your family and friends!
Leather reinforcement inside where each D-Ring is attached
👊【Double-Layer Thickening】Double-layer thick PVC material, safe and durable, on the one hand to ensure safe boxing exercise, on the other hand to help you burn your calories, a boxing takes more effort than ordinary sandbags.
Adjustable height from 54 inches to 75.5 inches. Suitable for people of different heights and ages.
WIDE APPLICABILITY: This fun inflatable sandbag is ideal for staying healthy or used as a stress buster and can be used for adults and children
🌟 2 LED Balls: Our hover soccer ball comes with unique colored LED lights that look cool when two colorful soccer balls move together in the dark. Even in the daytime, the LED lights are still dazzling and add to the fun. With two unique colored LED balls, our hover soccer ball looks amazing in the dark and adds an extra layer of fun to your child's playtime.
Weighs 110-120 LBS and measures 14” x 72”
60% Less Wrist Pressure | Doctor-designed for wrist support | Shifts body weight to the palm | Best comfort for weight-bearing poses | Yoga block accessories for women and men Gymnastics Handstand
High density and thick foam padding for perfect shock absorbing.
A COMPLETE KIT SO YOU CAN GET STARTED TODAY; 2 pack grounding kit comes with 2 grounding mat, 2 grounding cord (extends up to 15ft or 4.5m), 2 USA safety adaptor, 2 outlet tester, 2 cylindrical case and 2 bonus lava rock grounding bracelet
PUNCH ALL YOUR PRESSURE OUT: Boxing is a great sport for pressure release. It will not only help you exercise arm muscles but also lose weight and release the tension after a whole day's work. Costzon sport boxing set includes everything you need for a boxing session. A pair of premium boxing gloves, inflatable punching ball with durable stand and hand pump. Let's punching!
LEARN TO PLAY: The Ryan's World kids boxing set is perfect for introducing your little athletes to the sport of boxing for the first time. Ages 6 years+
Belted closure
High density and thick foam padding for perfect shock absorbing let you have a perfect use experience.
BOOST YOUR AEROBIC CAPACITY: Improve muscle mass, increase your heart rate & burn more calories, enhance coordination between your hands & eyes for smooth movements in sports
Combine rotation and traction to restore mobility and strengthen stabilizer muscles
Weight: 70 lbs.
[Free Carry Strap & Storage Bag]：No need to go buy a yoga carrying strap and bag. Easy to carry your yoga mat around with.
Made of soft yet durable, rubber-like, high-density TPE, which offers gentle elasticity and reliable break-resistant strength
Professional, fully adjustable industrial forged steel frame for an incredibly solid and sturdy speed bag platform
Rubber sole
Warranty 10 years: Jayefo kickboxing punching bag comes with 10 years’ warranty. If you were to face any issues with Jayefo hanging punching bag please message us we will cover it under the warranty with a replacement for your heavy punching bag.
👊 ADJUSTABLE HEIGHT STAND FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE: The height of the punching ball stand is adjustable from 49 inches to 63 inches to suit personal preferences. Easily adjustable to fit everyone’s needs, our punching ball is perfect for teens 14 and up, youth, adults, men and women to engage in a supreme boxing session.
SAFTY KID GIFTS: High-quality ABS plastic and high-class electronic elements to ensure the material safe and structure safe.Nice gift for 6 - 12 Years Old Kids and perfect RC Car Christmas gift or birthday gift for kids.
Height Adjustable Punching Ball Stand: This punching bag with stand can be adjusted between 31” to 47”, which can be adjusted by personal preference
♫【High safety performance】: The bottom of the boxing ball is thickened and heavy base, strong suction, not easy to be knocked down, high elasticity does not hurt your hands, wind and rain, the connection is thickened and widened steel springs, no need to worry about breaking.
Eye-catching Design: Exquisitely made bright pucks contrast an attractive grass football field presents visual impact to your kids. Sharpen your child’s focus while gaining quicker responses in this fast-paced game. A pretty engaging board game that will keep them play for hours away from electronics.
A Heavy Bag Chain and Swivel are included.
Cushioned, firm support
GO FOR THE KNOCKOUT and practice your MMA moves as you punch the inflatable boxing bag with all your might!
❖ This is an 3D illusion lamp can show up the baseball player when it light up, with an optical acrylic flat board with laser engraving can give you amazing 3D visual effect. This 3D night light is a creative baseball gifts for kids and family.
Every weight sizes comes in a different unique modern color
Encased elastic waistband with internal drawcord
LIFETIME WARRANTY: STRETCH FOREVER GUARANTEE - We are so confident in the durability of our yoga back, that we assure this yoga wheel lasts as long as you do. Enjoy the benefits of the Zenocity yoga wheel for the rest of your life!
SIZE – 50lb. If buying unfilled please don’t overfill.
➤2-WAY WEAR: Fold over waist band wear in two styles. No elastic band on waist line for more comfortable! 28 inches are the ideal inseam length for our petite girls, 30 inches regular length, 32 inches for tall people! Choose the right size for your height and leg length.
HEAVY-DUTY CONSTRUCTION: Made of premium synthetic leather with reinforced webbing and nylon straps
LIFETIME GUARANTEE - Made of heavy duty powder coated steel frame and heavy gauge wire mesh. Garage storage organizer directly sold by TOUTND is lifetime guaranteed.
OFFICIALLY LICENSED QUAD SEVEN: Active jogger set with short sleeve performance cotton t-shirt and tech active pants; Get your game on with Quad Seven and stay active, stylish, and comfortable day in day out
Flat top and bottom create stability
Designed for Recreational Use, this bag of 12 official league baseballs features a solid cork and rubber center, making them ideal for batting practice or casual games
Physical Fitness: Boxing is a good stress-relief exercise! Furthermore, this helps builds arm muscle and is a great workout right at home.
[PREMIUM QUALITY] The boxing punching bag constructed with ultra-strong sponge and high-quality PU leather to ensure durability and longevity. Unlike the ordinary reflex bag, our speed bag is 25cm, more larger than others
Material: The yoga sticks is made of stainless steel and foam, the reinforced stainless steel pipe is strong and durable, firm and stable, and the high-density foam is soft and comfortable.
DELICATE WORKMANSHIP: The stitching is solid and delicate, you don't need to worry it would split or tear. Metal buckles can firmly connect the sandbag and metal chain
12OZ Boxing Gloves With Great Protection - 12oz boxing gloves fits for men and women weight from 120lbs to 150lbs. Made with extra-thick foam padding and PU leather, and designed as thumb lock, the boxing gloves reduces the chance of injuring your fists and thumb. The secure velcro wrist closure with a stretchable leather wrist strap provide the ultimate wrist safety. And the hand wraps provide extra protection while punching or boxing.
❀ High quality polyvinyl chloride
【Durable Nylon Strap】 Stretch bands made with durable and long-lasting woven nylon, offers optimal resistance and great stability, will not easily wear or tear even with heavy use, unlike imitation straps.
Handmade with love in the USA
INFUSED WITH ESSENTIAL OILS Keeps Mat Smelling Fresh (100% Fully Guaranteed) This Non-Toxic Eco-Friendly formula was created to give you the best results possible without any health concerns in the products you’re using! Keeping your equipment clean should not be stressful!
FUNCTIONAL TRAINING FOR HOME OR GYM! It's the perfect tool for full body strength building and conditioning anywhere you want to workout indoor or outdoor.
Portable gym that can be used as a doorway pull up bar or turned over to perform sit-ups, pushups, and dips; 300-pound weight capacity
EXTREMELY DURABLE: high quality German manufacturing. You may want another color, size or thickness but won't need to replace this mat otherwise.
First ever light-up magnetic dart game: The classic dart sport - completely reinvented for kids and adults! The rules are the same - but the board lights up with an innovative LED backlight. The dartboard is constantly backlit doubling as a cool room decor. Powered by USB or AAA batteries.
【Newest musical boxing machine】This rechargeable music boxing is composed of a wall mounted host, a pair of gloves ,USB charging cable and a mobile phone bracket. Backlight shows the target on the wall, like a hamster, can increase the flexibility and coordination of the body, improve the reaction ability, and experience the fun of fitness in the game.
95% Cotton, 5% Other Fibers
This heavy bag does not come with cheap zipper closure on top, It has Unique lace-up closing system on top of the bag which is durable than any other heavy bags available on the market, so no worry of RING TO CAGE branded punching bag to be popped from top as it does not come with any zipper closure. so you can also use this bag as a ground and pound dummy bag for MMA training
【Product Contains】The package comes with 1 standard hook, steel chains, a pair of boxing handwraps, a pair of high-quality 12oz boxing gloves, and 1 boxing bag. Please note that the boxing bag is not filled and need to fill the material by yourself.
Moisture-resistant skin is easy to clean and extremely durable
👉【QUIET AND EFFICIENT MOTOR&POWERFUL 2.25HP】Ultra-quiet electric treadmill, 0.5~6.5MPH adjustable speed. With a powerful and ultra-quiet 2.25HP motor, this treadmill allows you to walk or run without disturbing others, You can choose to adjust with regular speed as an indicator, or burn calories. The new generation of the upgraded silent system, running upstairs, quiet downstairs. Provides you with an excellent health and fitness treadmill running experience.
Measures 24” across x 18” deep x 35” tall and weighs approximately 36.5lbs
Mesh Pocket to Store Belongings There is a mesh pocket in the back of the weight vest for men and women to store belongings when running, walking or stair climbing. There are multi reflective tapes on both sides of the weight vest for running as well, which make the night running much safer.
✔【Free Standing Heavy Bag】: The preferred equipment for boxing and MMA training, providing a more natural rhythm and movement to heavy bag training.great for developing power, speed, and footwork. Utilizes a spring-mounted design to develop speed, timing and accuracy in punching and striking, improving hand/eye coordination and overall fitness.
✅ FITS SNUG & TIGHT: This vest generally runs true to size - if you're BIGGER / TALLER however or want some extra room WE RECOMMEND PICKING 1 SIZE UP.
★ Easier To Clean & Ideal Size - It’s okay to get lazy! Cleaning this exercise mat is more than easy - just wipe it with soap water, and rinse under water. Occasional washing will help it remain immaculate, as though you bought it yesterday! With a large size of 173 x 61 x 0.4cm (68 x 24 x 0.16inches), you don’t have to worry your toes stretching out of the mat anymore.
★Protection with the extra sleeves based on resistance tubes, you never need to worry about getting injured or get whipped if unlikely the resistance tube snaps during using.The sleeves has the effect of reducing the oxidation of the latex tube
Note: This product Without glass bead.
NEW IMPROVED STEEL LEVER BUCKLE: The steel buckle of the weight lifting belt is indestructible in even the heaviest use. Its quick release makes it easy to loosen or tighten your belt within seconds! Our powerlifting belt allows lifters to wear a belt up to 4 inches tighter than the traditional weightlifting belts by increasing the intra-abdominal pressure with the lever buckle.
This long full length heavy bag is top quality and highly rated for professional and amateur boxers
Let the sunshine in - practice outdoors for extended periods without affecting the guarantee lightweight foldable and easy to take to the studio or use as a travel yoga mat
Hand and Foot Placements Printed on Mat
Double End Bag will help you focus on these techniques and sharpen your reflexes
DILIGENT CUSTOMER SUPPORT – If any issue or concern, please reach out to us so that we can make it up to you. 30 day money-back guarantee.
CONVENIENTLY PORTABLE: Lightweight and easy to take to your next retreat or anywhere your adventure takes you. At 2.5mm in density, comfortably cushion your spine, hips, knees, elbows, or any point of contact on hard floors.
Premium grade leather for extreme durability and improved functionality
EASY TO SET UP - It's as simple as one, two, three to assemble this upright punching bag. Fill the base with water or sand, then fill the body and base with air and position it in an open spot.
3 GEAR ADJUSTMENT: Multifunctional abdominal training machine newly added height adjustment function. You can choose the appropriate intensity, the steeper the slope, the better the effect. LED clear display easy to master exercise count, time for excercise, calorles.
Beneficial 6 PCS Kids Punching Set: This 2 ft punching bag is suitable for both boys and girls of 3+ years old to train Karate, MMA, Taekwondo, Muay Thai and so on. And it not only effectively reduces kid’s screen time, but improves kid’s hand-eye coordination, strengthens body and relieves pressure. Package includes: 1 x Kids Punching Bag, 2 x Hand Wraps, 2 x Punching Gloves, 1 x Storage Bag, 1 x Ceiling & Wall Mounting Hardware
👍【440 lbs Super Load Bearing】The fitness trampoline is made of 36pcs high-quality steel springs and resistant PP material, supports up to 440 pounds, 48 inches size is enough for 2-3 kids to play simultaneously, they will have fun together with this fitness trampoline.
Unfilled bag so you can pack with any old towels, shirts, jeans, bags, and other fabric material or insulation
Easy to inflate
Extra Thick & Ultra Comfortable – The perfect balance of squishy comfort and stable support. Our 8mm high-density, double thick padding provides plenty of cushion to protect your knees and joints – even on concrete, tile or hardwood floors. Works great in all rooms and flooring including living room carpet, garage or basement.
★【Size notice】--Our size is different from amazon's.Please kindly refer to the size chart showed in the image.
Super thick hardwood wooden drum assures true responses, rapid rebounds and super speed
Take Fun With You Everywhere! Whether you are on a weekend trip or on holidays, Toyvelt travel-friendly kids’ boxing set can easily follow you. Deflate the boxing ball to carry and inflate it in a breeze! Fill the freestanding blow molding base with water or sand and to offer your kid endless hours of active play on the grass, the concrete or the beach!
▨CARE INSTRUCTION - 1.Clean with damp cloth (cold water) or mild detergent, dry flat. 2.Do not use a washing machine or dryer or exposed to the sun for extended periods of time.
ABSORBS SHOCKS EFFECTIVELY: Filled with a special blended filler mix of sanitized synthetic and natural fibers
Thick high-density durable foam, wrapped in breathable nylon padding, absorbing all shocks for increased comfort and reduced injury and pressure during deep movements such as squats, lunges and hip thrust, and exercise easily.
Quality assured - Made of non-toxic, high-quality ABS materials. Compared with other products, our unique sniper gun structure will prove to be durable and long-lasting, ensure that the back of the gun can withstand the air impulse without falling apart.
EXTRA COMFORTABLE: For softer impact providing yogis generous cushioning for daily asana, suitable for all styles and all levels of yoga, pilates, and conditioning
SIZE: 14 inches circumference x 48 inches height; approximately 80 - 85 pounds
SIZE: 14 inches circumference x 60 inches height; approximately 100 pounds when filled
Care Instructions: To maintain the flatness of the mat for exercise, you can fold it reversely, the suede side inward, and wipe to clean with a cloth dipped in mild detergent water, air dry. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this fitness mat
🕶️ 1.1MM TAC POLARIZED LENSES: Forget about discomfort from that annoying glare with our youth baseball sunglasses! The XAGGER polarized anti-glare lens improves clarity and reduces eye strain, providing more comfort for your child during any outdoor activity.
🏋PALM PROTECTION & GRIP (2nd GEN): Provides a 127% increase in palm protection and anti-slip performance for enhanced comfort, grip, durability, and protection against calluses and blisters.
进口
Package includes: one pair of Cotton Toe Socks
This proven training tool will develop speed, timing, strength and endurance when training boxing, MMA, Muay Thai and contact sports alike
100% Nylon
Natural Cotton Bolster Pillow – The yoga bolster is crafted for long-lasting durability, made from natural cotton material which is designed to hold its shape and stay firm after many uses. The cotton filling in the meditation cushion provides the right support and ergonomic cushioning.
Suitable for any sports venues such as home, training room, gym. Suitable for children 6 years of age and older or adults.
Muliti use crossbody shouldertote bag with 5 pockets is ideal for shopping, dating, camping, work, parties, gym, school, etc. It’s spacious and roomy to store your daily-life stuffs, like IPad, book, cell phone, makeup, wallet, planner, A4 magazine,15.5 inches Mac laptop ,.
Our punching bag is ideal for children 3-8 years old: With the inflatable punching bag, young kids can improve their balance and coordination while building discipline and strength. The boxing bag provides a fun-filled physical activity and stress relief.
Tough Canvas for Repeat use & Excellent for Hand Palm conditioning (Filler is not included. Fill the bag with rice, beans, sand etc)
High quality pp pipe has good elasticity and high flexibility. It can bear the tension of repeated stretching thousands of times to meet your exercise demand.
MADE IN THE USA –NUBS thumb protector sleeves are hand-made in the USA from high quality latex-free ELASTIC material that fits snugly on your thumbs. These patented hook-grip helpers drastically reduce friction, absorb sweat, and have a comfortable padded feel that locks in your grip. . NO MORE SLIPPING!!
👍 100% COTTON EXTRA-LONG STRAP - Each yoga block set comes with a cotton yoga strap which can double as a yoga mat carrying strap, compatible with our luxury yoga mats. The extra length is ideal for shoulder openers, reclined leg stretches, standing IT band and hamstring stretches, extended hand to big toe pose, dancer's pose, boat pose modifications, head-to-knee pose, and many, many more.
SPEEDLIGHTS: 2 original Speedlights, made for play with the NIGHT Speeder, allowing the fun to continue into twilight and darkness; lasting approx. 3 hours.
SAFE AND CONVENIENT: Our workout box have sanded corners and edges plus textured exterior sheathing, so you can rest assured that they are highly slip-resistant and extremely safe to practice with
Convenient Gym Yoga and Exercise Mat Rack: This 6.5-inch wall mount yoga mat rack with 3/4-inch wide bracket prongs is made from 12 gauge solid steel and powder coated with a flat matte black for rugged use in any climate or environment
USAGE:Heavy boxing punch bag is a great workout tool for home or gym use.
HG-STEEL CHAINS WITH S-HOOKS are known for their outstanding holding strength, prime fixture stability and resistant to corrosion properties that make them extra sturdy.
✅ Lifetime Customer Service: Please never hesitate to contact us should any problem arise, Your satisfaction offered by our products and services is our pursuit! be it about the size, quality or beyond. We'll go out of our way to solve any of your issues.
Carrying strap included with all Yoga Design Lab mats
Package included: 1 X ball; 1 X Hook; 1 X Pumping needle( needle is inserted the ball buttom)
Two Boxing Gloves: our boxing set includes two different boxing gloves, protecting your hands and completing the set! This means there isn't a need to buy anything else, you are ready to train right out of the box.
This fun standing punching bag is perfect for staying healthy or releasing stress. Every time the shock sways back and forth, it is very suitable for boxing training.
[Easy Maintenance] Just provide regular silicon oil to the rotating wheel for lubrication, so that the trainer will be more durable and last you for a long time.
【Upgraded Shock-Absorbing System】: Our boxing bag is equipped with 4 springs to deliver 15-45° fast rebound, 2 PVC absorbers to achieve 360° shock absorption. The springs can also be removed for less vibration when you want to do high-intensity strength training. Plus, the mute cotton creates a lower noise environment while boxing, punching, kicking and hitting.
Bag measures 42” (length) x 16” across at the top x 18.5” across in the center and 11” across at the bottom and weighs-in at approximately 75lbs
【Handmade Art】 Crafted from durable iron and advanced welding technology, It’s come to be a beautiful handmade art, along with special processing, it’s waterproof and rust-proof, paint will not peel off.
Made of moisture-wicking, breathable and stretchy fabric, these Baleaf Women's Ankle Legging Athletic Yoga Pants can provide complete coverage, keep you cool and dry when exercise
Unique shape gives you targets from every angle to work on uppercuts, coming over the top, hooks and features various widths to develop a better sense of range and distance
♫【Height can be adjusted by 150-180cm】: The height of this boxing punching bag can be adjusted, and the adjustment range is 150-180cm, which can meet your different height requirements. By adding a cylindrical target, you can exercise leg muscles while boxing.
New DESIGN: The advanced printing technology makes these mats colorful and eye-catching, which add more motivation and enthusiasm to your yoga exercise.
Product 1: Extra thick mat for yoga, gym, and everyday exercise
ADJUSTABLE WORM DRIVE AND WHEEL CRANK- Easy to adjust worm drive accommodates all athletes by allowing each user to choose their desired height using wheel crank. Allows for a 12” adjustable range of motion.
SWEAT RESISTANT and thick exercise mat for home gym features premium TPE that repels uninvited odors and provides you non-pungent yoga experience every day. Non-slip and anti-skid surface on both sides.
【Instant Cooling Towel】: Use towels with cold sensation function to efficiently generate vaporization heat to make you feel cold. After dampening and wringing out, just shake the towel to quickly achieve comfort and coolness.The Cooling Towels can be refrigerated for up to 3 hours (depending on the situation).
Use Superbands for assisted chin ups and dips
🔥FOR ANY OCCASIONS🔥While wear sauna tights,you feel like a flat belly,sense of shrinkage,a big back support,a perfect toned curve for yourself,make you look slimmer at once.You can wear it on the outside or wear it under your clothes, completely hidden, so no one knows you are wearing a sauna workout jacket.Also,you can wear it with sauna vest,sweat tank top,workout jacket,slimming shirt,perfect for workout,running,boxing,daily or any outdoor activities
Weight: Approximately 60-75 Lbs.
👊Perfect Stress Reliever: When you're in a bad mood, irritable or under too much pressure, hit the boxing punching bag! Kids-friendly, perfect for your active boys or girls. A nice way for relieving their stress or anger in an athletic and safe way. More fun doing it as well.
Beginner boxing set includes a pair of youth boxing gloves, pair of handwraps, 40 pound filled vinyl heavy bag with a swivel and mounting clip included
Boxing Punching Bags Heavy Training Adult Kids Children Free Stand Inflatable Gloves Freestanding Sports Fitness Kickboxing Ball Stress Relieve Reflex Ringside Filled Adjustable Height Suction Youth W
● Heavy Punching Bags is made of tough and strong canvas, Protects your child's hands from any nasty injuries.
【pooboo promise】We promise a 1-year warranty service and aftersale service.Reply you within 24 hours.Please don't worry about the problem with the product you received, we will provide service until you are satisfied.
Light Up the Night with Cipton - CIPTON specializes in unique ways to keep the fun going throughout the night. From baseball and basketball to golfing and skating, we manufacture all types of glow in the dark LED light up balls and accessories for your favorite sports and activities. CIPTON balls are equipped with an LED light for hours of play time, without sacrificing visibility. CIPTON is changing the way the game is played afterhours. Keep the game going with CIPTON The Illuminate Series.
Great for teaching the fundamentals
Climbing team grade iron hook accessories, firm and durable, safe and stable. bidirectional arc buckle, simple insertion, firm and stable, easy to exract, convenient.
GREAT FOR STRENGTH TRAINING – Perfect for high rep exercises like crunches, sit-ups and leg lifts; Ideal for head protection during handstand push-ups
360° MASSAGE AND QUIET BEARINGS – The weighted hoola hoop provides 360° surround massage and is shock absorbing as well. The no-noise roller glides smoothly, ensuring a pleasant exercise workout.
Washing instructions: Use cold water and wet towel to wipe the stain. After wiping clean, air dry in the shade, please do not expose to the sun, this will greatly reduce the life of the yoga mat.
✅ Ships in a reusable heavy duty vinyl heavy bag cover
BUILD TO LAST-Made of 3mm thick strong elastic steel,this gym rack organizer can bearing lost of your gym gear and not easy to bend.Thick smooth matte black powder coating protect your gym equipment and add nice looking for your home gym or commercial gym.
Pre-printed numbering system used to call out specific punches and combination of punches in succession.
Air nozzle design: The side air nozzle is designed to prevent air leakage and not easy to wear.
Benefits of A Boxing Bag Workout - Boxing bag workouts improve your boxing technique, improving your punches. It is a great exercise for building strength and enhancing power. The muscles are all engaged during a boxing bag training session, making it an effective full-body workout. It can also build better balance and coordination, and reduce stress. It can improve your mood, decrease anger, and relieve stress. It is both a form of physiological and mental stress relief.
LIGHTWEIGHT FITNESS MAT: Durable, yet lightweight fitness yoga mats provide additional cushioning your joints need during any yoga, Pilates or fitness routine
BRING THE GYM HOME: Sets up in basements, garages, or spare rooms. Perfect for a socially distant, home gym for your boxing workout. The inflatable punching ball withstands moderate use, enhancing your reflexes and agility during a controlled workout
HIGH QUALITY SOFTBALL BASEBALL STEEL VACUUM FLASK WATER BOTTLE TUMBLER, 32oz CAPACITY FLASK- Holds 32oz of hot or cold beverages, this tumbler cup is the perfect beverage tumbler for summer or winter, iced or hot drink. It can keep drinks cold for over 24 hours and hot for 12 hours +.
[Premium Freestanding Punching Bag]: This Boxing bag is 63inch tall and it bounce back up quickly. It has bounced back every time when you punch it. This is not only an energy release toy for boys and girls, but also the best angry buster for adults.
100% & SUSTAINABLE PREMIUM MATERIALS These mats are kind to the earth and kind to you as its made using luxurious microfiber and natural tree rubber. With no PVC's, TPE's, toxic glues, silicone, phthalates or other harmful chemicals, it's 100% to help save Mother Nature.
[Minimal but Protective]: Though these weightlifting gloves are minimal, they still providing protection where you need it most, in addition, these workout gloves for women equip 3mm which are great cushion for weightlifting, pull up, CrossFit, rowing, etc.
✔【MATERIAL】: The heavy punching bag is made of good quality canvas cloth material, which is wear-resistant and durable for years of use. The PU patch on the middle is sleek enough to protect your hand from abrasion. you can hang it wall or other tough item, Perfect for developing hand and foot technique and building nice body.
Durable and Sturdy - Boxing speed bar is made of high quality material, durable, strong, rust-proof, and can be used for a long time. Boxing pad is made of PU material, wear-resistant, comfortable and does not hurt your hands.
Convenient to wear: It can be fast, easy, and convenient to fix and convenient to put on and take off when wearing.
Cast Iron
WAIST TRIMMER FOR MEN: Only Sweat Shaper uses a heat-trapping polymer fabric to boost your natural body heat and stimulate sweating with any type of physical activity. Wearing the Sweat Shaper Waist Trimmer while working out or performing daily activities creates a hot sauna-like experience. Your body temperature will rise, so you sweat more.
Multifunctional Fitness Equipment: You can stand your machine up to perform a wide range of traditional vertical exercises squats triceps extensions overhead presses and so on. You won`t just build a shredded six-pack but an entire solid core.
All our products are <b>handmade</b> to order we're happy <b>custom your orders</b>. If you want to personalize your punching bag, during the purchase you can change the logo that is in the upper part of the Boxing Bag and engrave your own logo, you can also put your name on the punching bag so that it is truly yours!
The Milano Leather heavy punching bag collection is handmade by artisans who have spent their lives learning the art of crafting beautiful and practical recreation goods from fine leathers. Our commitment is that each item bearing Milano Leather name has been made with the utmost attention to detail and respect for our craft.
1. 100% NBR foam. Made of lightweight, durable foam.Exceptional resilience allow you to keep your balance during any exercise style. Moisture resistant technology makes the mat to be easily washed with soap and water.
latex
EASY TO MOVE AND STORE & HASSLE-FREE AFTER-SALES SERVICE— The compact, foldable design and built-in transport wheels make it easy to move and store this under desk treadmill to save space. And it's out of the box and doesn't need to be installed. CE, ROHS, CB, EN957, IEC certifications by SGS, so you can rest assured to buy.
Design: There is a fixing hole in the middle, and the back is designed with a bold zipper, which is easy to fill without worrying about cracking.
MONITOR PROGRESS - Dedicated sections to keep track of your body weight, measurements, and personal bests; Assess your progress on weekly and monthly basis and make necessary changes to further optimize your training and nutrition
Instant Home Studio in Any Room – Go ahead and stretch out like never before. Just unroll to transform any room in your home into your very own home studio or gym. Our spacious mat is large enough for any yoga pose, meditation, stretching, light cardio workout or barefoot bodyweight exercise – by yourself or with a friend.
Net weight: about 180 grams.
RAISE YOUR REFLEX – Poor reflexes in the ring lead to painful losses. KO the competition when you refine your reflexes AND hand-eye coordination with Champs MMA’s reaction ball set.
Fit Chest size: M=32-34inch. L=34-36inch. XL=36-38inch. XXL=38-40inch; We're kindly inform you to consult our size chart, order one size up is recommended--if your chest circumference is 33inch, go with a L is better.
【Adjustable Height (53.5 to 60.6")】You can adjust the ball to varying height positions ranging from 53.5- to 60.6 inches which allows both of you and your kids to have it! It would be a perfect gift for both of you! Regular boxing training can train your reaction ability, your strength, and your punching accuracy, can truly improve hand-eye coordination
Good grip on everything is natural when hand strength is built overtime with micro hand movements throughout the day, while in an online meeting/training, studying or watching your child play sports
6mm total thickness offers premium cushioned support
Premium & Pretty Mat: The Perfect gift for yoga lovers & yogis, athletes, personal trainers, the elderly, men and women, professionals, and/or beginners, this yoga mat travel kit will be wildly popular among just about any group. A unique and practical present to celebrate a birthday, graduation, baby shower, Valentine’s Day, Mother’s Day, or Christmas etc.
Platform is approximately 1” thick Formica coated board and 24” in diameter
Designed to improve your hand and eye co-ordination, timing, reflexes and footwork.
💖Tnstallation Tips-Please do not use nails and hammers to make holes, the tiles are fragile and easily broken under uneven force. The electric drill is fast and powerful when punching, and can maximize the integrity of the fidelity tile when punching. Please use "M4" standard drill bit for towel rack installation. The size of M4 drill bit is: overall length 75mm, shank diameter 8.4mm, blade length 42mm, minor diameter 4.5mm, major diameter 8.4mm. Any questions please feel free to contact us
💖Easy-To-Install Towel Rack-The instructions and mounting hardware included with the bath towel rack take the guesswork out of installation. And it comes with a hidden screw cap, which can be drilled and installed so that the connecting screw holes are between the tiles, so as not to damage the tiles. The wall towel rack for rolled towels works on smooth tile, marble, painted walls. You can easily mount the towel shelf on the shower or toilet for easy storage and access
👉【FOLDABLE DESIGN&EASY MOVEMENT】This foldable treadmill boasts a compact footprint and fast folding design, so it can be easily stored in your living room, in a small corner. 2 built-in transport wheels make movement from one room to another much easier.
STABLE & DURABLE: You can set up your punching bag on the grass, concrete, decking or anywhere you desire. The base can be filled with sand or water for stability.
★Soft and Resilient: This boxing target is filled with soft and resilient high-density foam and EVA. They can dampen vibrations and protect your hands from injury when you punch the surface of the boxing target.
EASY TO ASSEMBLE: The yoga mat rack has simple structure and is equipped with pre drilled holes and screws. Detailed installation instructions is attached. With the help of instruction, you can easily install the entire sport garage storage rack in a few minutes
Size/Weight/Height: (14” x 72”), Weight is Approximately 130 lbs, 6ft
MADE BY YOGIS, FOR YOGIS – Liforme Yoga Mats are loved and adored by 100s of 1000s of Women and Men Worldwide. Join the Liforme family with this unique, comfortable and thick Mat.
Each bumper plate is color coded for easy identification and labeled in both lbs and kgs
Multipurpose Storage - Our stand is adjustable and uniquely designed to also allow storage of many types of fitness equipment, such as straps, skipping ropes or yoga mats and more.
NOTICE-【3D just Visual Effect, the lamp itself is Flat】Unique Lighting Effects Amazing Optical Visual Illusion Home Decor Lamp
❤Design inspiration: The lucky number will be always with you in all life,it is unique jewelry with custom name. Simple design make it more generous and personality.
【Durable TPE Material】Exercise bands is made of TPE material. AMEXI resistance bands will not crack, break or deform.bands for working out Strong wear resistance and perfect elasticity, the foam handle is soft and comfortable, door-jamb anchors do work wella, resistance band set and the sturdy hook and metal shackle make you feel safe during exercise.
【NON-SLIP】There are anti-slip particles in the back of the yoga towel for a firm grip for your hands and feet, Keeping you grounded, focused, and in perfect balance, prevent slipping and injury during your practice.
👊 INCLUDES EVERYTHING YOU NEED This inflatable desktop punching ball comes with an air pump to ensure that the ball is always inflated and ready for action
1 YEAR WARRANTY. Perfect gift. Includes yoga carrying strap for the workout mat & a beautiful box.
11 Piece Bag set offers 1 x18 Gauges High-grade Powder Coated Iron Heavy Ceiling Hook for heavy punching bag. 1 x Bag Gloves padded with Gel foam padding. 1 x Pair of Hand Wraps, 1 x Steel chains, 1 x Jump rope, 1 x Punch bag strap, 1 x Boxing Glove (Mini) for hanging, 1 x Boxing Glove Key ring, 1 X Punch Bag Strap Hook 1 x RDX filled Punch bag 5ft (152cm) or 4ft (122cm)
【 Keep Your Child Confident by Boxing Games 】The kid punching bag set is suitable for 2.09ft toddlers and 3.31ft kids. For your toddlers, to play boxing games with them, they will feel excited and funny, and it helps improve their body coordination. Older kids can use this set to keep to practice boxing, it will improve their boxing skills, quick response capability, and ability to focus.
【Multi Function】Multi-functional power tower that supports vertical knee raise, push up,chin up,push ups,knee raise and dips, main training abdominal muscles, arm, back, chest, shoulders and leg muscles.
【PU Solid Ball + Super Elastic Rope】Made of high-quality PU leather material, it is hand stitched with double textile layers for better precision and lasting durability. Double belt at both ends with thick elastic rope, greatly adding the service life, high elastic hanging rope with strong extension, high elasticity, not easy to break.
DURABLE THICK TOUGHTEK–Made just for your pure punching pleasure. Kick it, punch it take out your aggression or train for the upcoming fight, it will always ask for more. This bag is durable, solid, and will not lose shape no matter what you dish out.
👊[Full Boxing Equipment & Shipment]-With just one purchase, you can get a set of boxing equipment, the set includes: with a pair of high-quality Boxing Gloves and Hand Warps, a Freestanding Punch Bag.Base and bag shipped separately due to large size, so you will receive 2 parcels, one may be delivered later. Please don't worry, if you just receive one parcel, please contact us.
Durable Plastic Construction : Our brain game cube measures 2.75*2.75*2.75 and is crafted with high-quality plastic, ensuring long-lasting durability for endless hours of brain-teasing fun.
Item Package Weight: 28.0 Pounds
[Easy to use] The base of the punching bag has a water injection port,The first step is to pour water into the base (it is recommended to pour more water), and the second step is to inflate the base (you must pour water first and then inflate). Then fill up the mouth of other inflatable boxing bags and start usingThe punching bag will be very good Bounce-Back.Convenient storage and space saving, the inflatable punch can be folded for storage after exhaust.
Easy to Install: Use expansion screws to install, ideal for use at home or in the gym.
Easy Installation: Hardware for installation is included in the package. Mount it on the wall to make your home more neat.
Lightweight, soft cotton-blend for all-day comfort
Includes Towel, Carry Bag & Straps – Every Yo Gorilla Mat includes a 100% Microfiber Towel to wipe away moisture and provide a little extra padding and grip. A Carry Bag and two Velcro Straps keep your mat rolled up for easy storage or transport. Yo Gorilla Mats make a great gift idea for yoga lovers, yoga teachers, men, women, or anyone who loves stretching, pilates, fitness or workouts at home!
EXTRA LONG & COMFORT. 40" by 12", decent size for your daily usage. Our microfiber mesh material towels won't dry to cardboards like the PVA ones. It is silky soft at any time, provides you with extra comfort while using as a towel, neckerchief, scarf, or headwear etc.
5 TIMES SWEATING EFFECTS! The upgraded silver thermal control polymer fabric of sweat waist trainer vest can quickly offers heat reflection and circulation, increase body cores temperature and promote sweating, create a “SAUNA EFFECT”. Combined with daily exercise, this sweat tank tops can achieve 5 times the sweating effect of ordinary neoprene fabric in a short time, helps you burn extra fat and achieve the goals of losing weight faster. Slim down several sizes instantly!
RECYCLED 75% Recycled. We take recycled seriously by making sure our mat offers the highest percentage of recycled content. Be good to the Earth.
Turn over and place on the floor for sit-ups, pushups and dips; padded handles ensure correct form, and provide comfort
Durable and Stable - The boxing speed bag is made of PU leather and is very comfortable to fit. It can withstand multiple hits without deformation. You can hit hard at any time without worrying about it being easily damaged.
ECO-FRIENDLY: The KIUI PRO yoga mat is made of premium quality eco-friendly TPE and is safe for your body, mind and spirit. Our mats are free of phthalates, latex, silicone and toxins.
Wide grip curved ergonomic handles offer three grip options for wide, close, and hammer grip pull-ups; padded handles ensure comfort for sit-ups, pushups, and dips
MATERIAL☀ - 82% polyester + 18% spandex. Soft thin polyester elastane fabric is stretchy and easy to move around in, completely eco-friendly, lightweight, soft, stretchable, sweat absorbent and quick dry
Strong Durability: Composed of high-quality engineering leather and solid steel frame structure, even if long-term use is not easy deformation.
◆【What's in the Box】 - Every set contains 1 Premium anti-burst birth ball, 1 Quick foot pump, 2 Air plugs, 1 Ergonomically designed Peri Bottle, 1 Travel bag for the bottle, 1 Extra thick yoga strap, 1 Pair of anti-slip socks, and 17 instruction poster. All in one, all you need.
Very durable
PATENT PENDING NEW ECO FRIENDLY MATERIAL: The upgraded TOPLUS Yoga mat is made with a patent pending new echo friendly material. It costs more to make, however it’s worth it when you compare it to the traditional non-green PVC, NBR and EVA yoga mats. TPE material offers the latest technological improvement over traditional yoga mats.
PERFECT SIZE: The dimension of this gym organizer is 17.7"D x 22"W x 25.5"H. Sturdy heavy duty yoga mat shelf can storage 9 roller mats. Fillet treatment, more effective to avoid bumps, Load-bearing enhancement(Note: Product not included mat)
AWARD-WINNING FUN FOR THE FAMILY - Winner Of The 2023 National Parenting Product Awards (NAPPA) and the Toy Insider Award. This is the most exciting game you’ll find for Family Game Night that can be thoroughly enjoyed by all ages 8 and up!
Lightweight Design Means Lightning Fast Rebounds.
Standard Size Speed bag for Beginner,gym, fitness tranning, lightweight boxing.
90mm Waterproof bearing pulley wheel is for gym equipment and garage door pulley system
Come unfilled, holding around 120lbs
🏆 HIGH PERFORMANCE DESIGN: Go higher, faster, stronger! XAGGER’s youth sport polarized sunglasses have been designed for peak athletic performance and will be perfect for kids and teens age 8-14. Whether worn on or off the field, they will give a cool sporty touch to any outfit!
Red
If you want Better Support for your wrists, More Comfort for your hands, and a Stronger Grip on the blocks, with Improved Stability and Performance, then the smart choice is WRIST BUDDY yoga blocks.
🎁【LEAK-PROOF TEST】Are you worried about leaking ? In fact, we did a leak test of the product before delivery. There were no obvious leaks in the full boxing bad during a month. If you get a defective product, please contact customer service as soon as possible. We will replace you with a new product. The product has a 90-day warranty period and lifetime service. Please feel free to get one !
NON-SLIP:Yoga mat features a reversible design textured sticky non-slip surface and resilient coatings for excellent traction and superior grip,which help to keep you motivated.
QUALITY DURABILITY: Available in weights ranging from 1lb up to 20lbs, these dumbbell sets are built using a high-quality cast-iron core, making them last through repeated use and great for beginners and advanced users
❤ Portable and Easy Care: Wipe clean with water and hang to air dry for the mat’s daily care. This simple care routine saves your time and will ensure your mat last for years to come.
PU PUNCHING BAG：Punching Bag for Teenagers Made of high-quality PU material, durable and not easy to crack or damage.
4 Sizes Available For All Your Needs – 36 Inch, 24 Inch, 18 Inch, 12 Inch. 36 Inch foam roller is our largest size. Black Foam Rollers are great for Back Pain and Back Exercises. Great for core stabilization, balance, and stamina. 6 Inch wide Round Foam Roller. Foam roller for physical therapy & exercise
Approx. 170 lbs. when filled with water
Size： 15.7" width x 15.7" Length Approx Canvas Wall Striking Bag, 1 section
☑️ EASY TO TAKE WITH: Its cute size makes it comfortable and portable to wear in a pocket or bag or clip on your waist with all kinds of clothing.
Made from SGS certified 6P phthalate free PVC
Pole Dance Mat:Beautiful round safety mat with 120cm/5cm-120cm/10cm diameter in black blue pink colors to match different interiors and aesthetic preferences. which can protect your body from falling injuries during exercise.
☑️ EASY TO USE / PROGRAM: It doesn’t require a computer, app or smartphone to operate. An user manual is included in package.FYI: THE PEDOMETER MAKES A SOUND WHEN IT START WORKING,IT'S NORMAL NO WORRY
🍄 TRAVEL YOGA MAT: Small size yoga mat, 173 x 61 x 0.4 cm / 68 x 24 x 0.16 inches. You can Bring it to the studio or stay at home; The easy strapping system and lightweight feature allows less time and effort to roll and carry with you wherever you want to go; Enjoy the serenity of indoor yoga or reconnect with nature through outdoor yoga; Ideal for any setting.
【Take It Anywhere】 kingroad resistance bands for working out men women are convenient for storage and carrying, and it is widely used and are popular with the public. Consider these cross fit elastic bands for exercise your very own portable gym. Just carry the bands in the included drawstring bag and sweat it out in your hotel room, at the park, or take them to the gym.
polyurethane
【Durable material】The high-speed rebound reaction target is made of thick high-quality stainless steel tube, which is not easy to rust, not easy to break, strong and durable, and the load-bearing capacity is up to 100kg.
MOISTURE WICKING microfibre surface to soak up the sweat.
👊[Easier to Use & Improve health]-Using free standing punching bags will not only help develop your punching, kicking, striking skills and form, but will also improve reflexes, hand-eye coordination, footwork. Great gift for a workout and stress reliever, get in shape. Punching bag with Boxing Gloves and Hand Warps, double wrist design can ensure plenty of wrist security. Make sure you can hit with confidence! You can use it with full force.
SWIM HEART RATE1 - Stores up to 20 hours of heart rate data during swims, then forwards it to a compatible device at the end of the session. It also sends real-time heart rate and interval summaries to the watch.
ENDURANCE AND MOBILITY BOOST - Elevate your fitness game with our heavy-duty punching bag, specifically crafted to increase condition, endurance, and agility to be prepared before a competition.
💪【Lifetime Warranty】If you choose our pulley system set, we will provide you with a one-year warranty and a 90-day refund service. If you have any problems during the use, not satisfied with our products or services, please contact us by email. We will answer your questions within 24 hours.
Durable base- in which there are 10 LED beads, powered by 3-AA batteries or 5V USB Cable connected to PC or your home adaptor.
MULTIPLE GRIP POSITIONS: With the bar’s many grip positions you can do a versatile set of exercises, ranging from pull ups to leg raises and more. The grip is knurled for better grip and extra safety
Large Baseball Tote Size:The multifunctional tote bags size is 17.5x7x12.5(inch).Brown faux leather double handles is 12 inches.
🥊 MADE IN THE USA - When You Buy A Wavemaster Punching Bag You Are Supporting A US Company
☺ENHANCE FAMILY AFFECTION Aikmi walkie talkies for kids can help parents to find an interesting and inspiring way to accompany kids and listen to the inner voices of their kids, bringing the family closer. Let go of technology and be close to nature. Popular boys toys ages 4-12, especially suitable for 5, 6, 7, 8-year-old boys.
👊【 2021 Upgraded Diesgn -Shock power distribution system 】Dual TPU dispersers + springs x 5 achieve 15-45° fast-rebound, 360° shock to keep the volume low. TIP: springs can be taken away for shaking when you are working on high intensive strength training.
👊ANOTHER GREAT PRODUCT FROM ATLASONIX - This monster bop bag is made of excellent quality and non-toxic materials. This is a product you can rely on. Plus, of course, you get the Atlasonix LIFETIME GUARANTEE and customer service you just can’t beat. BUY NOW, and watch the stress fly away.
WARRANTY 5 YEARS |We Back Our Quality On Our MMA Kids Gloves & Offer 5 Year Warranty On Jayefo Kids Punching Gloves. If You Were To Face Any Issue With These Punching Bag Gloves, Please Message Us We Will Replace Or Refund The Order To Cover The Warranty.
BODY ALIGNMENT LINES -The guidelines are ingrained in the mat so you don't have to look down. The alignment lines on the exercise mat are wonderful for stride and symmetry which help you to focus and adjust your hands and feet to the accurate position and keep your body in proper alignment.It creates a stable foundation for safe practice, your yoga skills will improve quickly and accurately.
Single-sided print. Machine Washable, waterproof surface repels sweat and dirt, Slip resistant, durable and tear resistant, high-temperature resistant.
4.Light & Easy to Carry.–Our yoga mat is light enough for you to bring it to gym or other place you want with our carrying strap.
【6 Level for Adjust】- A Power Tower that can be shared with whole family. Suitable for use by the whole family, ladies，men and teenager, etc.
Give it as a gift to your special workout partner. Imagine the look on their face when they see their own name engraved right on the bottle!
Formal dresses a line formal dresses cocktail for women juniors formal dresses off the shoulder formal dresses vintage with sleeves formal dresses with pockets sleeve for women dresses for women party wedding formal dresses for women dresses for wedding party women high low dresses for women womens dresses for wedding guest off the shoulder dress
Soft cotton-rich knit with spandex for better fit
Test Your Memory Games : Follow and Remember Me games test your memory with flashing light sequences for you to memorize and repeat. Just the right amount of challenge for most people.
18.5" x 25" x 8"
👊 PREMIUM QUALITY – STABLE & DURABLE: Constructed with attention to detail and top quality materials to ensure durability and longevity, you can set up your punching bag on the grass, concrete, decking or anywhere you desire. Simply fill the freestanding heavy duty base with 66lbs of water or 100lbs sand for stability.
【ADJUSTABLE WAIST TRIMMER SWEAT BAND】 This waist slimmer for women has a 3 row front hook-and-eye closure and a zipper for easy on and off, thanks to the adjustable belt, it enables you to stretch and exercise naturally, and it’s durable enough to stick with you through tough workouts,yoga flow and cardio.
SAFE & DURABLE YOGA MAT: Made of high quality professional material, Suede material of surface mat and natural rubber of down mat are laminated together, the both are made of high quality econ friendly healthy and recyclable materials.
HIGH QUALITY MAYA HIDE LEATHER forms the basis of this 8pc Punch Bag. It retain its shape really well over time that makes it ideal for MMA, Kickboxing, Muay Thai and more.
BUILD STRENGTH, TONE YOUR BODY: With this bag you can build your strength and get in peak condition with impact and HIIT workouts.
【Alignment Lines】 The pilates yoga mat design with alignment lines which can help you adjust your hands and feet to the accurate position. Certified by SGS, PVC and latex free and do not emit any odor.
Our customers tell us all the time they can never find their name. This is perfect because we can custom make any name. Lovely Engraved. Our Handmade LED Lights can be personalized with your name, date, words - make it your own custom creation!
Super-tough and rugged polyester canvas construction
Department name: unisex-adult
🎁 Cool Gift for Kids: This glowing hover ball is a perfect gift for kids on birthdays, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and more. It's a cool and unique toy that kids will love and cherish for years to come.
Adjustable height of 59 to 67 inches for a range of motion to ensure optimal results
💪【Three Deteachable Handles】We provide you with 3 detachable handles, allowing you to freely change the gym attachment you want; ① Tricep rope: used for triceps push down, Biceps flexion and multi-row movements. ②Honeycomb type handles: can exercise chest muscles by chest expansion and clamping, better non-slip to help you exercise more effectively. ③ LAT pull bar: used for pull-up/pull-down training, exercise arm wrist and forearm strength.
[Enhance Palm Grip]: Palm adopts soft Microfiber synthetic leather, they are very comfortable to wear and also help to wick moisture if hands sweat, besides, palm also textured with silicone which greatly enhanced the grip, non-slip even with sweaty hands
HIGH QUALITY & PROFESSIONAL PERFORMANCE - Made of soft, low-odor, flexible, durable PVC. Gym grade with anti-burst and non-slip,can remain elastic and squishy in any complex posture. High security-Fitness ball is relatively safe in exercise, and it is not easy to cause injury.
Each bumper plate has an inner ring with a diamter of 2" and fits any olympic barbell, dumbbell bar or sled with a 2" diameter
🥊 ATTRACTIVE COLOUR AND DESIGN - Printed Geezers & TRG logos with solid Red colour design
Product 2: Ideal for balance, strengthening, flexibility, and rehab exercises
👊【STABLE BASE & SLIGHT VIBRATION】- Our boxing punching bags base uses 14 powerful suction cups,firm suction power and does not damage the floor.The base can be filled with water or sand, suitable for any flat ground, safe and stable.
COMPLETE WEIGHT SETS - This all-in-one adjustable kettlebell set provides you with all the weights you need to complete any workout or exercise at home.
【Multi Purpose】This Is great outdoor and indoor MAT, ideally to use as a floor carpet in your bedroom or for your pet to relax and play on it. Perfect for pilates, exercise classes, the gym, showering, camping, travel, beach, and more!
【FLATLOCK STITCH-4 WAYS STRETCH】The women's wetsuit shorts pants can avoid skin irritation and performance high durability while stretching during sports.
Available in 35 cm diameter, which provides extra surface to work out
Suitable for MMA ufc boxing muay thai taekwondo
[Durable Material]: This boxing bag for kids is made of thick premium PVC material, very thick and sturdy. It can withstand lots of punches. And with reinforced seams and airtight air valve for longer inflation(We did a leak test of the product before delivery). Your kids will enjoy playing, punching, laying on it!
Stronger hand grip muscles for sports like baseball, tennis, golf; powerful fingers for hobbies like rock climbing, playing music instruments; ideal for men, women, teens, adults and seniors
You made a child smile – when you purchase our cotton yoga mat, we donate $5 to provide pencils, pens, paper, and other school supplies to help the education of the children of our workers in India. We believe karma is real
MUST READ SIZE CHART: Don’t forget to check size chart for Body Reapers lever belt weightlifting solution; Please do not order by your pants size and take size of your waist by using a flexible measuring tape; drop your message to our highly cooperated support team for more information
BREATHABLE MATERIALS - 82% Nylon + 18% Spandex. KOWPOW padded sliding shorts are made of lightweight breathable & comfortable materials, that can quickly wick moisture, release sweat and keep you cool and dry.
Interior kinetic engine uses a carbon steel spring to provide resistance and amplify abdominal and arm workout
✧Portable and Clean: Our exercise mat is equipped with a strap, you can take it to the gym, yoga studio, outdoor and other places. You can wipe it with a wet towel after exercise, dry it and put it away
Yoga Mat for Travel: The portable yoga mat can be able to fold easily into a 14 x 12 inches square, convenient to carry, making it the ideal travel exercise mat and your perfect yoga companion for any fitness training from home to anywhere you want
Space-Saving Design - Wall Mounted, Won't Take Up Any Workout Space, Perfect Storage for Home Gyms or Commercial Gyms,
Easy to transport thanks to the convenient mesh carrying bag
★Durable - Canvas wall bags are often more durable than leather ones especially for kicking.
EASY TO INFLATE AND PERFECT PACKAGING - Time is money! This exercise ball literally save your life in a hectic world with its quick inflation foot pump that comes with it, as well as 2 air stoppers and detailed instructions for you to follow. Available in 5 sizes, 45cm 55cm 65cm 75cm 85cm to meet your special needs.
54% Cotton 46% Polyester
SIZE - Measuring 18" tall, 30" deep, and 8" wide, with the boxing bar 30" long, the trainer is compact and easy to use in any space.
Easy to inflate and deflate, can be folded into small size for storage, convenient to use.
JERSEY MATERIAL: The Nike sports bra has an outer body and inner lining made of jersey material. The sports bra with removable padding offers additional support without compromising the feel.
High quality solid cast iron kettlebell for reliable built-to-last strength
PROFESSIONAL REFLEX TRAINING:The best way to improve hand eye coordination and reflex. This boxing speed ball is a good choice for increasing kids' eye-hand coordination, reflexes, agility while enjoying themselves.
GREAT WITH ANY WORKOUT - These exercise sliders are perfect auxiliary exercise equipment for mountain climbers, Abs Workout, Crossfit, yoga stretches and so on. Toning your abdomen, back, arms or legs will be never be an issue again while you enjoy lunges, planks, bridges or simply make up your own exercises. If you're a beginner and need ideas, we also provide a exercise manual
⚡SPECIAL LAUNCH PRICE INSTEAD OF USD 149.95⚡
DOUBLE ADJUSTABLE BUCKLE STRAPS & REFLECTIVE STRIPS - The integrated adjustable buckle strap is perfect for bust between 35~45 inchs; elastic edge of this weight vest provides superior flexibility for workout, accommodating users of different sizes; refleive strips on both sides of the weight vest keep you away from traffic accidents in all weather conditions(rain, fog, dark) at day or night.
𝗪𝗢𝗡𝗗𝗘𝗥𝗙𝗨𝗟 𝗔𝗙𝗧𝗘𝗥-𝗦𝗔𝗟𝗘 𝗖𝗨𝗦𝗧𝗢𝗠𝗘𝗥 𝗦𝗘𝗥𝗩𝗜𝗖𝗘 — All of our customers will be offered FREE and UNIQUE tutorial videos, which will facilitate you to make daily targeted training plans. If you have any questions on the usage of the products, you can access to our after-sale customer service 24/7 and we will offer you any help you need.
[Boxing board material]Boxing machine to determine the use of 9-layer composite board, thickness and hardness to ensure that no hand injury, built-in professional sensors can withstand 440 pounds to 660 pounds of heavy punches, home boxing pad is 16 inches * 16 inches, suitable for all ages.
It is an ideal boxing training accessory, good for relieving pressure, body building, etc.
Super rigid, high pressure drop stitch construction
👊 PREMIUM QUALITY - STABLE & DURABLE: Constructed with attention to detail and top quality materials to ensure durability and longevity, home workout equipment, home gym equipment, Kids punching bag
★ WHAT’S IN THE PACKAGE ★ – This Bar is coated with Hard Chrome. 15 KG (35 LBS), 25 MM (standard Women’s bar) and fitted with a yellow Synergee silicon ring.
An absolute MUST HAVE for anyone with knee issues, or anyone who just wants to work out comfortably
Polyester,Spandex
Ergonomic design with pure silicone, 70 mm/2.75” diameter easily fits in your hands, 3 resistance levels 30, 40, 50 lb; 1.77 oz/50 g each; non-toxic, no click or squeaking noise, no sharp edges
THE COMBO MAT: For those of you who like to sweat - this is your yoga mat! An eco-friendly, ultra-absorbent microfiber top layer is bonded to a natural rubber base layer to provide the ultimate in sweat management and stability. ALL-in-ONE product.
Hydro strike technology increases strike Absorption and is easier on joints
11 Piece Bag set offers 1 x18 Gauges High-grade Powder Coated Iron Heavy Ceiling Hook for heavy punching bag. 1 x Bag Gloves padded with Gel foam padding 1 x Steel chains, 1 x Jump rope, 1 x Punch bag strap, 1 x Boxing Glove (Mini) for hanging, 1 x Boxing Glove Key ring, 1 X Punch Bag Strap Hook 1 x RDX filled Punch bag 5ft (152cm) or 4ft (122cm)
ECO FRIENDLY ANTI SLIP YOGA MAT: The surface of the travel yoga mat is made from ultra-soft suede material, which can absorbs sweat quickly. The more you perspire on hands and feet, the better grip you will have on the mat. The bottom is made from natural rubber. The non-slip texture prevents the mat from sliding around on the floor, and provides enough cushioning needed, improving your yoga exercise greatly
BY YOUR SIDE FOR YEARS TO COME – We only manufacture our desk treadmill with a well-made solid structure made of premium grade steel can last a long time to support max loads 220lbs, meaning our walking pad treadmill are extremely DURABLE AND DEPENDABLE
72" (183cm) x 26.77" (68cm) x 5mm for free yoga movement, Thickness: 5mm for softness and cushioning, . 5MM Thickness to protect your knees, elbows, joint and back better. Suede and grip texture rubber achieve double-surface non-slip. With high density and suitable thickness, the yoga mat can provide not only cushioning to protect your joints from injury, but also keep you in a good balance during your yoga training
Carrying Handle for Portability – The convenient carry handle at the end makes transporting the yoga bolster floor pillow easy! You can use the handle to move your bolster around to perform different yoga poses. After a few uses, remove the yoga bolster cover and place it in the washing machine, air dry only.
【Unfilled】The LEKÄRO punching bag for kids and adults comes UNFILLED and can be filled with any of the following materials: Old clothes, towels, blankets, raw cotton, poly-fil or any other cotton filler material easily available from any of local store or amazon. NOTE: THE BOXING BAG DOES NOT COME WITH FILLER
⚾ Baseball & Football Blanket: The unique blanket is printed with American flag, fire and water, graffiti style baseball and football patterns. Super-high printing technology with exquisite baseball football patterns blanket gives people a visual feast. What a blessing it is to watch the ball game you love wrapped in your favorite blanket.
𝐏𝐑𝐄𝐌𝐈𝐔𝐌 𝐂𝐎𝐑𝐊 𝐃𝐄𝐒𝐈𝐆𝐍: With a premium design and functional alignment cues, this eco friendly yoga mat features a layer of sustainable cork, a nonabsorbent material that doesn't take on odors or moisture. Yoga mats have incorporated this as a key feature in their design. We are proud to offer one of the best grips, allowing you to practice yoga safely.
[High-quality PVC] Free-standing punching bag features a thickness of 3 mm top-quality PVC materials. Through tested rigorous punching thousands of times, ensure durability and longevity. It is suitable for children 5+ years , and adults can also enjoy it.
What's In The Box - 1 * Speed Bag , 1* Pump, 1* Pump needle. Over time speed bags may naturally begin to deflate, and you can simply fill them with air by the pump. Start training now! Burn calories!
[Buy with Confident] You might not need help, but when you do, we are here. we provide lifetime customer service and 360 days replace and return, any question, our friendly customer support always stands by to make sure your satisfaction. You have no risk to try this
🎁【BOXING HOME HELPER】REMARK:Squeeze the plug when blow or deflate aire! When kids get fidgety throughout the day from too much sitting, they will often get up and have a little kickboxing session. The convenient punching bag will help your child develop a habit of loving sports.Home exercise leisure punching bag.
Steady Steel Frame: Steel bracket, good stability, installed on the wall can easily withstand all the impact of boxing without shaking, solid and firm.
FITS ALL HAND SIZES & PORTABLE DESIGN - No matter you’re women or men, kids or adults, beginner or an experienced person, you can start grip training anytime and anywhere. Suitable for all age groups and fits well for all hand sizes. NIYIKOW hand gripper is made of lightweight and high-quality materials so that you can easily put them in your bag, pocket and carry them anywhere.
【Durable Tear-Resistant Mat】The tear-resistant mat will remain in-tact during more challenging or vigorous workout sessions.
Hours of Healthy Fun - Boxing is a great fitness exercise, can promote children’s physical and mental development, strengthen their muscles, build confidence and boost hand-eye coordination. Kids find relief for their stress or anger in an athletic and safe way and have fun doing it.
Please Note: The perfect boxing bag, can hit ball quickly, reflex and achieve fitness goals. Note: When inflating the boxing ball for the first time, it’s better to inflate 70% to avoid over-inflation, can be used for a longer time.
Suede surface is soft and comfortable and have better performance in terms of tear resistant, Nanotechnology textile can be lsolation and moisture removal. The printed pattern is made with advanced printing technology, no worry of fading and provide bright colors
【Premium & Comfy Material】Adjustable ankle wrist weights for women and men that are made of skin-friendly silicone. Smooth wearing feeling not only gives you a comfortable home workout experience but also protects your skin from hurt. The stainless steel block is wrapped in bangles, rustproof and waterproof. So it can be used as pool ankle weights for water exercise. The 2 lb wrist weights can also be easily cleaned after exercise.
Mirror Coating, Scratch Resistant Coating, UV Protection Coating coating
【Awesome Gift】 Aayla Yoga Cats are the best choices for gift giving. Birthday Gift, Valentine’s Day Gift, Christmas Gift, Housewarming Gift for friends, family, lovers, cat lover, yoga lovers or yoga instructors.
💪【Easy to Assemble & Portable】Just thread the loading pin through the central hole of a weight plate and connect the sections. The Pulley System can be easily connected to the power racks, pull-up bars, beams, and any place where the strap can be installed. Its small packaging volume allows you to take it anywhere you want and is suitable for travelling. (No Weights Plates Include)
Stable base, rapid rebound punching ball and rotating bar, the perfect equipment for boxing and fitness enthusiast.
5.With a 1-year warranty and 100% Satisfaction Guarantee to make your purchase worry free. Simply contact us if you have any questions.
👊[Premium Leather Long-term Onslaught of Kicks]-Punching bag is made of multi-layer thickened PU leather striking surface construction, high-density EPE foam, eco-friendly fabric buffer.Dual TPU noise absorption + 4 springs achieve 360° shock absorption.Tear-resistant, rapid rebound, withstand long-term onslaught of kicks and punches.
♦ Application: This reflex ball set is perfect for home or gym. It is especially designed for endurance training, and can improve your hand eye coordination with this state of the art speed bag platform.
Easy Installation: The 4. 5 inches wide ball holder comes with screws to mount easily on any wall. Pre- drilled holes make installation a snap. Simply select your desired location, fasten securely and you’ll instantly have a fashionable, functional way to organize or display your ball storage basketballs, volleyballs, soccer balls and much more.
Premium Quality You Deserve – Relax and let your stress fade away. Your mat is made with the highest standards and made to last a lifetime.
ADJUSTABLE - Features six height adjustments from 72 inches to 102 inches.
Material: environmentally friendly PVC, safe and durable.
This heavy duty bottle can handle it all, Hot or Cold! Its double-wall insulated stainless steel construction will keep 32 ounces of your favorite drink hot or cold for hours!
【Easy To Clean】The thickness of the yoga mat is 6mm, which can offers the most comfortable experience for all level yogis.The non-slip yoga mat will be your best helper when practicing yoga or Pilates.The surface of yoga mat can be dust proof, moisture proof, sweat proof, after you use, just need to wipe with towel gently and wiped those stain down easily.
Kit includes: 14" Light-up dartboard, Micro-USB cable, 6 glow-in-the-dark magnetic darts (3 red and 3 blue), scoring chart. Powered by USB or battery: Connect it to a power outlet with the included USB cable. Alternatively, you can power it with 4 AAA batteries (not included).
Professional Reflex Training - When you hit the boxing ball, the spring will quickly return to its original position for you to continue hitting the ball and unleash your speed and passion. The wall mounted boxing ball can train your punching skills, speed, agility, concentration and more.
4 PIECE FILLED PUNCHING BAG can withstand pretty much anything you throw at it. Maya Hide Leather with twin layers makes our boxing bag durable and robust. Ideal for MMA, kickboxing, Muay Thai and more.
NON-SLIP RUNNING BELT & MULTIFUNCTIONAL LED DISPLAY — The 5-layer non-slip texture running belt features a spacious running area(40" x16"), providing an effective and safe cushion for your knees and muscles for a superior running experience. The LED display clearly shows time, speed, distance and calories, monitoring your progress in real time and keeping your movement data at a glance.
🇺🇸 HANDMADE IN NEW HAMPSHIRE: fast and professional production and shipping – custom design your personalized wall art today
This toy for kids 5+ years old includes a baby, Mum & Dad minifigures, and the LEGO caravan settings include a table, kitchenette and sleeping area
Reinforced stitching; riveted and layered to unbreakable perfection
✔ Baseball Initial Letter Necklace Design ✔ Put the baseball suture combine with A-Z letters to from this meaningful necklace. Choose your Initial letter, or give this baseball gift to you best friend or your family, bring good lucky to them.
Heavy-duty weatherproof punching bag with a triple backstitched reinforced exterior that can handle a beating at home or the gym
80% Cotton, 20% Polyester
Also useful for Pilates, stretching, meditation, and other strengthening, toning, or restorative floor exercises
Easy to roll up and ready to stow or go in no time
12 PRE-SET PROGRAM: This electric treadmill workout equipment running machine for exercise has 12 pre-set training modes for quick workouts and 4 incline levels to allow you to customize the intensity of your workout
Comfortable & No More Tangling - The light weight ergonomic handles are made of memory foam, soft and comfortable, 6.1 inches long and 1.38 inches in diameter. High quality double ball bearings system avoids the twisting or winding like other fitness ropes, ensure smooth and rapid speed rotation.
✨【LIGHTWEIGHT&DURABLE】Kids Punching Bag is Rugged PVC construction, leak-proof. The boxing bag can help you relax and relieve the soreness caused by long hours of work. Suitable for both indoor and outdoor play. ps:We not only thickened the material, but also required the factory to inflate and test each product to reduce the air leakage rate, so that you have a better product experience and make you enjoy yourself.
Perfect for boxer or fitness enthusiasts.
SPEED BADMINTON: The innovative racket sport, now called crossminton, allows play without a net, and is the perfect outdoor game alternative to beach ball and badminton for the whole family for beach, park or backyard.
Heavy-Duty Boxing Punching Bag: Our punching bag is designed with high-quality, child-friendly materials, ensuring a soft and particularly quiet yet sturdy surface, minimizing the risks of injuries. Have peace of mind while your little warrior trains.
LIFETIME WARRANTY: All of our belts are sold with a lifetime warranty. We're so confident in the quality of our weightlifting belt, we'll send you a brand new one at no cost to you if yours ever breaks. No questions asked. Just message us!
🥊 HIGH QUALITY MATERIAL- Geezers TRG range is constructed from top quality artificial leather materials which ensures a durable product with an amazing price
Great for any kind of workout that use light weighted weights, great for walking, jogging and aerobics.
Textured non-slip surface for excellent traction and grips the floor to prevent injuries
The Perfect Choice For Adult Bag Punching - This boxing and punching bag set includes 1 x 4ft Unfilled punching bag, 1 x 12oz boxing gloves, 1 x rotation 3-pannel steel chain, 1 x connecting carabiner, 1 x punching bag hanger and 1 pair ankle protective sleeves. It's the best choice for you to boxing and do punching workouts.
Large, Industrial EZ Glide Zipper
【Get Fit in Slient】Both sides of the rowing rail are made of premium stainless steel material, provide the smoothest, stable,quite rowing experience. With an overall running sound of less than 15 dbs. No worry about being complained about by neighbors or families.Support maximum user weight 350LBS.
Eco-friendly TPEE durable frame frame
● Size: 60cm, 80cm, 100cm, 120cm, 150cm, 180cm, 200cm, available for selection, can be used in your home for many years.
SIZE☀ - FOUR SIZE (inch): S - 6-7 Years (Length: 22, Bust: 35.4, Sleeve: 14.5). M - 8-10 Years (Length: 22.8, Bust: 36.6, Sleeve: 14.9). L - 11-13 Years (Length: 23.6, Bust: 37.8, Sleeve: 15.3). XL - 14-16 Years (Length: 24.4, Bust: 38.9, Sleeve: 15.7). Please refer to our size chart before place an order
Grove with more space - we weave our mats longer and wider 25” W x 72 L”. Great performance in yoga for women and men and the best yoga mat for hot yoga
Full leather construction
Application scenario: 100% cotton toe socks which are deodorant, soft and durable. It is a fun cartoon theme that is suitable for running, running, playing, and other outdoor sports, or it can be worn at home. It separates the 5 toes and makes the toes fully breathable. It is a pair of socks that protect the toes.
CONSTRUCTION: Crafted with a super-strong water-repellent canvas backed synthetic leather cover for professional use.
HELP YOU BURN MORE CALORIS FAST WITH 5% INCLINE DESIGN –Our Innovative 5% incline design is a great way to increase the intensity of a workout without increasing the time or speed of the workout.
【Mandala Patterns】Our professional designers have created beautiful mandala patterns for yoga mats, such a perfect mat looks unique, it will attract you and your family to fall in love with exercising.
A GREAT SHOCK-ABSORBER! The superbly designed punching bag with D-rings and heavy-duty nylon straps can quickly absorb shock and noise. The punching bag offers a quick and perfect rebound and comes back at you fast. The great degree of flex offered by the heavy bag for sale is what makes your training session more enjoyable and engaging. So what are you waiting for? Buy the amazing punching bag, and take your stress-releasing punching sessions to a whole different level.
High Quality, Low Price - We invest in quality products that will last you a long, long time, so you don't waste your hard earned money. Compared to similar products on the market, we believe we offer our bumper plates at the best prices for the highest quality.
Pear-shaped Design: Our boxing double-ended bag adopts pear-shaped design to ensure fast and balanced rebound including lightweight milk capsules. With pear shape, easy to aim, allowing you to get accurate punches and good rebounds without disturbing your rhythm. Suitable for MMA,boxing ,fighting or daily training reaction, accuracy, agility, endurance, etc.
CONSTRUCTION: Iron core made from A48 Grade 20 iron then precision dipped in 3mm of neoprene for safety and comfort
PROTECT YOUR HANDS: Full-palm silicon padding provides perfect cushion and shock absorption effect that avoids numb and tingly hands. The stretchy wrist wrap provides GREAT SUPPORT IN STABILITY and SHARES WEIGHT PRESSURES ON PALMS and FINGERS, protecting your hands and wrists from blisters, slips, tears and calluses during long sessions
Come with hanging straps and swivel Kit
【4 RESISTANCE LEVELS ARE AVAILABLE】 Pullup bands assistance bands with different resistance for each color: Red (15 - 35 lbs); Black (25 - 65 lbs); Purple (35 - 85 lbs); Green (50 - 125 lbs). Follow the chart to choose the heavy duty resistance bands that suits your needs. These superbands for exercise can be used individually or in combination with multiple bands for added challenge. Perfect for beginners or fitness enthusiasts, men or women, build the body you like.
【Start Training Now】LEKÄRO heavy bags are perfect for boxing, mixed martial arts, Muay Thai and contact sports athletes to practice kicks, footwork and boxing. Build your strength with muscle-building aerobic exercises, training, and suitable fitness equipment. Start training now!
Champions of tomorrow are made today and this youth heavy bag kit comes with everything your young person needs to practice their favorite contact sport and get an unbeatable workout in the process
UPGRADED DURABLE MATERIAL: High density yoga mat,HPE yoga mat is durable,Non Slip,Odorless, dual-color double-sided design,lightweight and Strong .
Perfect training equipment: 360 degree all-round fast hitting and reflection, improve your attention, hand eye coordination and speed with our boxing tennis coach.
Tri Acetate Cellulose lens
Get your workout on with this sports towel
The heavy punching bag can be used outdoors, firmly filled with shredded textile material and sewn together to serve you for a prolonged amount of time.
LIFETIME WARRANTY & USA CUSTOMER SERVICE - If, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with your hand grip strengthener, simply let us know and we will refund every penny. You don't have to return the product. No questions asked. Our friendly US-based customer service members will always be there to answer any questions you might have. Click the ADD TO CART button now and try our product completely risk free!
Embroidered Nike swoosh on front.
PREMIUM MATERIAL: The mat is filled with a high-grade EPE foam and covered with high-quality synthetic vegan leather It is moisture resistant so you can easily wash this dance mat.
【Rehabilitation & Stress Relief】: Reduces joint pains, stiffness, release daily stress and helps recover from arthritis, carpal tunnel, tendonitis, tendon surgery, tennis elbow or wrist.
Teach the importance of safety and proper technique in the beginning to ensure a long healthy future in boxing, MMA, Muay Thai and all contact sport athletics
Professional Punching Bag Set - Our punching bag set includes a freestanding punching bag, a base (sand not included), No need to drill or hang and about 10mins installation. Take little space, can be moved in the home corner when not in the use.
Includes Towel, Carry Bag & Straps – Each Yo Gorilla Mat includes a 100% Microfiber Towel to wipe away moisture and provide a little extra padding and grip. A Carry Bag and two Velcro Straps keep your mat rolled up for easy storage or transport. Gorilla Mats make a great gift idea for fitness lovers, men, women, couples, kids or anyone who loves home workouts!
Made of durable easy to clean synthetic leather with reinforced triple-stitched seams and sizes measure as follows: XS = 5" x 8", S = 6" x 9", M = 7" x 10"
【Solve Common Problems】:If your treadmill will not power up or has inconsistent power supply to the system, it is often due to a faulty safety key. Our replacement safety keys will solve these common problems with treadmills at a fraction of the cost.
✔ Meaningful Gift ✔The Baseball Cross pendant comes with an Jewelry flannel bag , This fabulous necklace is a perfect gift idea for your friends, father, brother, boyfriend and son. Suitable for festivals：Birthday, Valentine's day, office party, back to school, christmas, Thanksgiving Day, baseball game.
Quick-Slip design for easy and fast installation on any barbell. Fits any bar without movement. Lightweight and travel-friendly size make portability a breeze to and from the gym.
Team logo, colors and graphics cover a full 360 degrees
KIT INCLUDES: The starter kit includes pro 14 oz training gloves, hand wraps 120-inch, heavy bag (70 pounds), and speed bag
The protruding structure of the cushion is convenient for the practice of upper hook,Six targets to hit, all-round practice.
Humanity Design Workout Machine: Equipped with one padded middle board. You can lie down at any time for rest or for an emergency. The pedal is designed with an adjustable strap, which can fix your feet on the machine.Avoid falling off accidentally
Non-Polarized
➤ULTRA SOFT & LIGHT WEIGHT: Stretchy and breathable material wicks away sweat for all day comfort.
STABLE & DURABLE BASE: The base is durable, it can be filled with sand and water(Gaza and water can weigh up to 551lb）, adding weight, not easy to fall when used, and it is safe and stable. With extra-Strong 12 Suction Cups to prevent scratching of floors, to help fix it in one place, without shaking, suitable for any smooth surface. You can set up your punching bag on the tiles, floor tiles, wooden boards, concrete floors or anywhere you desire.
DESIGN – Olympic Plate Holder Attachments specifically designed to fit the CAP Barbell Power Rack Exercise Stand Series, Models FM-CS7000F and FM-905Q Color Series
COMPLETE BOXING SET FOR ADULTS & TEENS: Full punching bag set is easy to set up. The Solid Foam Punching Ball comes with a durable base, spring loaded adjustable shaft.
Machine wash cold with like colors, use only nonchlorine bleach
ADJUSTABLE HEIGHT STAND: The height of the punching ball stand is adjustable from 55 in to 63 inches. youth, adults, men and women to engage in a supreme boxing session.
Offically licensed
Phthalate and Latex Free, SGS Tested and Certified
Material and production: Made in 100% long-staple cotton, cartoon style and hand-printed, it has a unique temperament, can be worn in all seasons
DIMENSIONS: 68 inches L x 24 inches W x5 millimeters thick
HIGH QUALITY PICNIC STRAW MATS – This outdoor beach mat is made of premium quality straw that won’t break and tear easily. Strong and durable that can withstand with multiple use. You can confidently sit and lay down at the beach or park anytime.
The 11-inch length can fit most older style barbells, curl bars and plate loaded weight machines.
EASY ASSEMBLY: Pre-drilled holes make the jumping box easy and quick to assemble
❤️ 【 USA In Stock 】US Stock 7-15 Days Fast Delivery! You can get it in 7-15 days.
PREMIUM QUALITY NYLON-CANVAS PUNCHING BAG - Experience the ultimate in craftsmanship and material excellence with our Nylon-Canvas Heavy Bags handmade in Mexico.
Super smooth 360° ball bearing allows speed bag to move effortlessly
Padded Full Finger Workout Gloves: Comfortable padding on the palm and you can still feel the weight, improves grip while reducing calluses. And the full finger keeps others' sweat away
PORTABLE & LIGHTWEIGHT BEACH MAT – You can now hang out at the beach with your family, friends or just all by yourself with this mat. Soak and bathe under the sun while reading a book, doing yoga or meditation or simply relaxing with an ocean view.
【Take Care Of Your Clothes】 - To protect your hands and valuable clothes, we’ve smoothed and beveled the edges. There are no burrs or sharp edges, so don't worry about damaging, or creasing your clothes. Compare our plastic magic hangers to other magic hangers, they’re made to last with resistance to bending and cracking. Hold any type of garment on: wire, plastic, or wooden hangers.
Dives to Depth: 9 feet
EASY TO ASSEMBLE - All tools included. Follow the step by step instruction to assemble effortlessly.
Leather lining
✅Stronger Wrist Support:18 inch wrist brace wraps help provide stable support to your wrist to withstand heavy weights and greatly lower the risk of wrist injuries. Trideer weight lifting gloves support for performing weight training requiring wrist protection, such as weight lifting, dumbbells, kettlebells, pull-ups, etc.
👊 COMPLETE BOXING SET FOR ADULTS & TEENS: Our full punching bag set is super easy to set up and includes everything you need for a boxing session. The Solid EVA Foam Punching Ball comes with a durable base, spring loaded adjustable shaft, Boxing gloves not included.
【Durable and Sturdy】: Heavy bag stand is constructed of steel frame with baked powder coat finish, durable and sturdy, strong enough to bear 60kg/132lb weight heavy bag.
Perfect for any exercise and all fitness enthusiasts: Our exercise booty bands are perfect whether for beginners or fitness buffs, men and women. There are three levels of intensity to work with and you can change the resistance according to your routine and fitness goals. They are suitable for P90x, yoga, pilates, full-body muscle or beach body exercises. In addition to toning and shaping body, they are also recommended by physical therapists for building glute strength, rehab, and 'prehab'.
Ergonomically Engineered Design: The standing Anti-fatigue mat remains steady with an 8.5° tilting angle. You will get the real benefit of standing!
👊【Convenient】The standing outlet can be folded, saving space and easy to maintain. Convenient and safe, ideal for children, adolescents, men and women!
Kapok are more environmentally friendly than cotton
MADE TO MOVE YOU INTO MEDITATION: At Zenocity, we built a yoga balance accessory that easily helps transition your body into healing, peaceful poses. Because our back wheel is so solid, you won’t hear any annoying creaking noises, allowing you to drift easily into a meditative state.
✅ Made out of top heavy duty multi coated anti rip American vinyl
ADDED STABILITY- 4 locking screw nuts on back of frame prevent shaking. Simply turn the locks to loosen and move platform to desired level with the wheel crank below the unit and retighten. Unit will easily slide on chrome-plated tubes.
STICKY NON SLIP TEXTURE: Features a textured sticky non slip surface for excellent traction and superior grip and a stylish design to keep you motivated and focused
✅ Belly Wrap Burn Up the Fat: With the help of this wrap you can easily reduce your tummy without any extreme diet and exercise. Belly wrap waist trainer belt is Smooth and undetectable under tight cloths, wearable in any occasion.
【Note】Simply fill the base with about 15L(4 gallons) water(You can also use 33lb sand instead of water if you are worried about your children unscrewing the Water inlet), and inflate 3 air valves using pump(you can also use your own air pump if applicable). Avoid sun exposure.
Safe: The distance between two pads is 8.27Inch. The viking press landmine attachment is very conformtable for your shoulder. The handle will not fall off when doing deadlift or leg press workout.
Rugged vinyl construction can withstand an onslaught of kicks and punches, and will always bounce back up for more
Easy to install: open the gap in the bottom and fill water/sand into it, cover the stopper closely. Pumping air into inflatable hole until it is totally inflatable is okay
DESIGN: Designed for health improvement, fitness, and wellbeing. This workout mat enables you to practice many forms of yoga, pilates, gymnastics, and physical exercises. Ideal yoga mat for women
Excellent for reflex for reflex and and coordination
Personalized Workout: Color coded by weight for more excitement and energy - Choose your favorite colors for every session
Adjustable Metal Buckles Closure -- Adjustable strap back, you can easy adjust to fit your head, one size fits most ( There is a hole can hide the strap )
INCREDIBLY EASY TO WEAR & SO COMFY! – NUBS Thumb Sleeves are actually really easy to use. They just slide on the thumb or fingers. They should be tight at first, but will relax after several uses. They are flexible, breathable, soft & lightweight thumb sleeves that are the perfect sports accessories to add to your gym bag!
【IMPROVE BODY POSTURE】 Our punching bags enhances agility, shapes your arms and legs, boosts strength, maintains health through kicking and punching of various techniques.
HG-Steel Chains with S-hooks are known for their exceptional holding strength, prime fixture stability and resistant to corrosion properties that make them extra sturdy.
One Size Fits All: Easy To Adjust, Strong And Durable Grip, Can Choose From Different Weight Sizes
--PREMIUM MATERIAL: Made of high quality canvas cloth material, it is wear-resistant and durable for long service life. PU patch on the middle is sleek enough to protect your hand from abrasion.
Blouse Women tops shirts sweatshirts pullover tunic jacket sweater tees t-shirts
【Maintenancce and After-Sales】Wipe your yoga mat with a paper towel or soft brush, dry it in a cool place, and do not expose it to sunlight. If you have any product problems.
WEIGHT PLATE STORAGE POSTS – This complete system features an innovative structure that combines weight plate storage posts and Olympic sleeves. This multifunctional training gear allows you to easily store your two weight plates.
🏆【Easy to Set Up 】 Kids can enjoy themselves both indoors and outdoors. It is easy to assemble, must be used on a smooth surface, Rotate the extrusion on a smooth floor.
WEIGHT - approximately 70 pounds (weight may vary slightly due to fabric density)
VERSATILE FOR INTENSIVE WORKOUTS: Perfect for bodybuilding, weight lifting, powerlifting, dead lifting, pull ups, rowing, biking and cross training. Great for holding onto barbells, kettle bells, dumbbells and chin-up bars
【Durable Closet Organizer 】- Made from durable plastics with ideal dimensions measuring at: 9.3" wide and 0.8" thick. Every hanger organizer can hold 5 garments (up to 6 lbs) horizontally and (up to 8 lbs) vertically. It's great for hanging your coat, suit, jacket, sweater, shirt, pants, jeans, dress, purse or accessories.
✅Black V Shape Bar with Flat Knobs - Constructed of solid steel for more durability & electrophoresis coating for corrosion prevention; the textured surface on handles provides a firm, non-slip grip while the flat knob ends keep your hands in place.
Thick AA--premium--drum dyed--100% genuine cowhide leahter
💪★ Multiple Weight Choices ★ – These dumbbells are sold in single and are available in 5 pounds increments form 20 to 100 pounds. So that you can vary the intensity of your workouts from any fitness routine to functional training.
Double End Speed Bag Improves Your Timing: this 7-inch round boxing double end bag allows you to add uppercuts to your training routine and is designed for improving speed and timing of intermediate and advanced boxers.
New SGS ECO Friendly Material : AOAOGYM Yoga mat is made by premium TPE eco friendly material by SGS certified ,No odor, flexible materials that can be stretched repeatedly providing superior durability, cushioning and slip-resistance.Unlike other brands' cheap & traditional PVC, NBR or EVA yoga mats.
✔️THE PERFECT KIDS POLICE COSTUME & ACCESSORIES PLAY SET TOY offers the perfect costume best fit for ages 4-8 accessories and police dress up!
Wrist wraps and heavy bag glovesSpeed bagHand wraps
【Boxing goods manufacturer】:We are a professional boxing goods manufacturer. If you need a complete boxing product, please choose from my shop.
【Space Saving】: Our speed punching bag use high-quality PU leather, to ensure durability and longevity, This punching bag can save a lot of space at home.
100% Guaranteed Quality.
TWO BOLT POINTS design allows you to install the Ceiling hook safely with no compromise on quality.
82% Polyester, 18% Spandex
Solid Steel Grommets For Mounting :This bag is used for Martial fans to practice their skills, can be used for punching kicking, martial arts and general fitness.
Built for honing speed, timing and reflexes
【SAFE AND DURABLE】 The pull up assistant band is made of high quality natural latex, which is environmentally friendly, comfortable and wear-resistant. Rogue fitness bands still maintains high elasticity for long-term use. Made of heavy duty material to avoid breakage or tearing. Pull up to 2.5 times the length of the rogue bands itself, 8000 times without breaking.
360°ROTATING RC STUNT CAR: You can not only do running, moving forward, backward, turning right,left but also roll and rotate at 360 degrees and drive on double sided flip for different playing experience on this electric remote control stunt car.Double-sided Driving can easily pass obstacles,At the same time,this function can also suddenly reverse in fast motion to make the toy car instantly turn into a dance car
ALL IN ONE PUNCHING BAG WITH STAND: Set includes inflatable punching ball, inflatable pump, deluxe padded boxing gloves with re-closable straps to protect your hands, a sturdy base, and an adjustable stand from 48” to 58” high
Good quality oxford cloth material is wear‑resistant and durable for years of use, with PU patch on the middle which is sleek enough to protect your hand from abrasion
PREMIUM QUALITY: Made from soft fiber ropes and plastic handles that kid's would definitely love
Application: This hanging bag can be fixed on the wall or placed on the table. It is flexible and convenient without space restrictions. It is very suitable for use in martial arts gymnasiums, homes and gymnasiums.
Sturdy and Reliable – This punching bag is made with a strong PVC plastic that won’t leak or break with most normal use. Imported products from China
A BALL FOR EVERY BOXER – Beginner or beast, beef up your skills with Champs MMA’s boxing gear. Your boxing reflex ball includes 4 balls for you to increase the intensity as you improve your instincts.
This is an excellent boxing tool for reflex and coordination to improve your offense and defense in the ring
【Steel structure】 This ball storage basket is made of high-quality steel. Its surface is smooth, not easy to rust and deform, and has strong bearing capacity. It is allowed to be used outdoors with an anti rust coating on its surface
【Easy Installation】This workout mat holder comes with all necessary mounting hardware, your yoga mat holder will be ready to use in a few minutes.
POSTURE FIT PADDING TECHNOLOGY - THICK PADDING CONTOURS TO YOUR shape as you move and stretch. Now you can hold stretches longer and try more difficult poses without your spine, neck, shoulders, or muscles getting sore. This yoga wheel makes a great yoga gift!
Bag mitts are engineered using Maya hide leather, equipped with shock absorbent padding. Ventilated design keeps your palm dry and odor free.
Plastic frame
Allowing you to focus on your workout: Forget the rubber, latex loop bands! Our resistance booty bands are made of high quality cotton polyester elastic fabric. They are durable, comfortable, environmentally suitable and skin friendly, they will not break or snap when doing exercise. With the inner latex grip strips, our booty bands will not roll and slide up or down to interrupt your exercise, allowing you to focus on your workout. Once you start using our booty bands, you won’t go back.
✅ EXTRA THICK YOGA MAT: Feel the support and comfort that the 8mm thick padding provides for Savasana that stabilize and hold balance of yoga poses. Extra cushioning for rehabilitative exercise, foam rolling & joint stability. An ultra-comfortable all-around yoga mat.
Waterproof surface repels sweat and dirt, Non slip, durable enough. Size: 26 inches x 71 inches, Extra Thick: 1 mm thicknes, double layer structure design enhance grip and non slip, suitable to practice many forms.
🍄 JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF SUPPORT & CUSHION: Did you know? Too much thickness brings down the stability of the mat while a thin one will leave you bruised knees. That’s why we choose the best thickness - 4mm(0.16inch), keeping things especially grippy and safe - even durable, offering plenty of support with just the right amount of cushion for your joints and knees.
CRAZY SOCKS FOR BOYS: This pair of boys' socks has a hidden message on the bottom that reads "I'D RATHER BE PLAYING BASEBALL." The blue, funny socks for boys feature baseballs, baseball bats, baseball caps, and other necessary items for playing baseball.
Made from 100% non-toxic materials to ensure your health and safety on your every use. Easy to clean and maintain, just wipe it and air-dry before rolling back to make sure that foul odor and bacteria are at bay
1" foam layer padding
Can be Used in Commercial & Home Gyms for Training, Kickboxing, etc.
👊 Suitable for any sports venues such as home, training room, gym. Suitable for children 6 years of age and older or adults.
💗【Non-slip Texture】 The Textured surface for enhanced traction, giving you a firm connection to the floor. You can safely do any poses without worrying about injury
Product net weight: about 140g
9 Extra Accessories for Free: 2 safety bars, 2 J-cups with rubber lined, 4 weight holder pegs (550lbs weight plate capacity each one), 1 pull up bar.
【Large capacity】The Spors Ball Equipment Cart Allows you to store various sports balls, Like Soccer, Volleyball, Football, Basketball and so on, It can hold about 35 No.5 balls or 20 No.7 balls.
UV Protection Coating coating
👍 NATURAL CORK - Eco-friendly, sustainable natural cork from Portugal means our blocks are odor-free and moisture resistant. Perfect for any home yoga practice, abs workouts, Bikram / Hot Yoga, Kundalini yoga, Hatha yoga, Ashtanga yoga, Vinyasa yoga, Iyengar yoga, Yin yoga, Power yoga, Restorative yoga, Mediation, and Pilates.
Non Slip Fitness Mats: made from natural rubber layer and superfine fiber bottom, the both are made of friendly healthy and recyclable materials, soft and skin friendly, excellent water absorption, can absorb sweat.
Ergonomic hand grips are angled to activate arm and core muscles handles are removable for easy storage and transport
Ultra Silent & Less Vibration - Most ergonomic cushioning design, upgrade tpu rubber shock absorbers make it a better idea to achieve 360°shock and noise absorption.
【Intelligent Bluetooth connection】The boxing mat supports connecting WeChat applet or app via Bluetooth to view data, batting speed, batting power, number of combos and other data at any time. It supports Chinese and English switching. It has built-in speakers that can play your favorite music through Bluetooth connection.
Dimensions: 11.5" Diameter x 15" Height
【MULTIPURPOSE HOME GYM】The push up board training system is color-coded to achieve precise and efficient exercise for different muscle groups through a variety of push-up angles. Combining with Resistance Bands set, it will allow you to get strength training, resistance workouts, and cardio exercise right at home, in the office, or while traveling in hotels.
SUPERIOR COMPRESSION: Our mens short sleeve compression shirt delivers powerful compression to shoulder, chest, back, & abs for max athletic performance. Shirt is lightweight, comfortable, supportive.
YOU’LL BE 10 TIMES HEALTHIER WITH OUR UNDER DESK TREADMILL--Help you to Achieve your Exercise and Weight Loss Goals every single day, improve your health, build muscle or get more energy at work.
What you get – Gravity Maze is a combination logic game, marble run, and STEM toy that's one of the best gifts you can buy for boys and girls age 8 and up It contains 60 challenges from beginner to expert, a game grid, 9 towers, 1 target piece, and 3 marbles
Adjustability and flexibility - The height of the device can be adjusted between 143-180cm, occupying only 8 square feet of small space, and easy to move. Suitable for office or professional gym to train.
【Digital Monitor】The large easy-read monitor is equipped with backlight design, clearly shows time, count,distance,calories,spm data.Plus, you can set coutdown goals for time,distance,calories,rowing counts, achieve fitness daily goals!
Ultra-wide ab roller with built-in resistance and ergonomic handles to help maximize results of ab roll-out exercises
Good Performance: Our punch pads wall mounted is Lightweight and comfortable, you can exercise hand strength, exercise yourself and make your body healthier
👊 HEAVY DUTY COMPOSITION No matter how long you need to vent, this desk punching bag stress relief toy can take the heat over and over and relief your anxiety
Manufactured under the strictest conditions in leather and all materials.
PRACTICE ANYTIME AND ANYWHERE:Have no motivation to workout at home? Do not want to go gym? No worries, this punching ball can do a big favour, it is so lightweight and portable, which means you can take it with you to anywhere. Perfect for work breaks or school breaks or even for the beach and the park.
【Premium Material】: Safety keys are extremely important to maintain the efficient operation of any treadmill. The round treadmill safety key are made of high quality ABS plastic, braided rope, Powerful magnets and springs, This enhances their strength and safety.
Waist Trainer Belt:Please check the measurement waist and check the product size table to choose the size that suits you.
Good resilience and relieve strong impact allow you to keep your balance during any exercise style
STURDY BASE - Base has a diameter of 24” and is 19.5” tall (not counting internal stem) Can be filled with Water or Sand
Premium Comfort Fit: The cushioned sole gives Prince athletic socks shock absorbing protection in high impact areas, where you need it most, and the spandex blend forms to your foot for superior shape retention, support, and compression
Easy to Install: You just need to find the right place to mount it on the wall. And it is complete with accessories, so you don't need to buy additional tools to install it.
[Easy To Use] First of all, fill the base with water or sand as you like, then inflate the top part using mouth or pump(package not include pump) . When not in use, it can be emptied and folded down.
OCCASION: Use the mat for anything from yoga, Pilates to stretching, meditation, and other strengthening exercises. Moreover, lightweight features are added to this Yoga Mat, easy carry to the gym or anywhere you want, even as a picnic mat for outdoor activities
Arrives unfilled, foldable and portable
Doubles as yoga mat: acts as substitute for yoga mat in a pinch
【Easy to Storage and Carry】: You can easy to hold your rolled training mat together. It also allows you to carry it like a sports bag. Unlike other bulky mats, when rolled, ours is lightweight and thin for effortless portability.
✅ [Easy to Store & Carry]: Extra Large Yoga Mat 183cm (72.04 inches) Long and Extra Wide Yoga Mat 61cm (24.01 inches) wide makes it carrying around and storage very convenient
The dodge bag allows you to effectively train boxing evasion skills, grasp pendulum knee sinking dodge skill.
sandals for women women's black sandals flat elastic sandals for women rose gold flats for women rose gold sandals for women wedding rhinestone flip flops for women gold sandals for women dressy gold wedges shoes for women rhinestone slides rhinestone slides for women gold flip flops rhinestone slides sandals for women sandals womens sandals black wedges for women sandals gifts for 13 year old girl black wedge sandals for women clear sandals for women cute sandals for women
Color: Black
ATTACHABLE HANDLES - The GoFit Ultimate ProGym Set comes with 2 attachable handles with a comfortable grip for maximum performance.
Designed with 1.3 inches thick high density and durable foam inside helping keep in shape for a long-term use and breathable nylon cloth cover for easy drying and anti-slipping. Designed to fit different bars. Non slip surface ensure the pad will not shift or spin in place.
*Timer:Countdown max to 9 hours, 59 minutes, 59 seconds.
WHAT YOU NEED: Do you want to teach your kid the basics of boxing? Searching for a way to practice mobility and flexibility, as well as strength? The answer is here with our amazing punching bag for kids, a fun accessory that will get your son or daughter moving.
【EASY TO USE AND SAFE】63inch The inflatable boxing is safe(due to the bag is filled with air), even if it is used by children, it will not hurt. can withstand the impact of kick and boxing .The base can be filled with sand or water for stability.
Eco Friendly & SGS Certified Material: TPE is the latest technological improvement to the traditional yoga mats. It's made of SGS certified TPE material, no latex, no PVC. Unlike other brands' cheap & traditional PVC, NBR or EVA yoga mats.
ULTRA STABLE - This ultra stable heavy bag suspension system is ideal for practicing powerful strikes.
RELEASE ENERGY & FRUSTRATION: A kids inflatable punching bag is one of the best stress & anger management toys around- your child can safely release all their pent up energy- All while gaining exercise, cutting down on screen-time, and building their hand-eye coordination!
DURABLE WIDE FRAME - WON’T WOBBLE SO YOU CAN focus on breathing and contracting your muscles, getting the most out of each stretch! Our Yoga Wheels 13” frame is gripped with a TPE tread to keep you from slipping and sliding, EVEN IF you’re sweaty
DOUBLE SIDE EXERCISE SLIDERS WORK ON MOST SURFACE - The smooth(plastic) side for carpets or other blanket, and the fabric material side for hard floor, wood or tile. Don't use the plastic side on hardwood
Industrial strength: we are able to offer 10 years’ warranty on Jayefo hanging punching bag because the material used on Jayefo heavy bags is heavy duty from outer shell to inner lining from hanging straps to stainless steel hanging d’s & bottom bungee cord slot
★Application:With 5 hit points, it is suitable for multi-directional practice. You can use it to practice Sanda, Taekwondo, Wing Chun, and other combinations of punching training. This punching bag is suitable for people of most ages to exercise. It is suitable for boxing gyms, gymnasiums, bedrooms, living rooms, gymnasiums, offices, dormitories, etc.
Extra strength welded chain and swivel assembly
NATURAL RUBBER BASE for support on different floor types.
24" x 72" | 61cm x 183cm | 6mm
- PERFECT FOR HOME PRACTICE OR IN STUDIO - Stay safe and work out with confidence in the comfort of your home with our premium Yoga Sets. Whether you are beginner or intermediate yogis, men and women, these yoga accessories will help you master yoga in no time.
【VERSATILE WORKOUT BANDS】 Canway pull up assistance bands are suitable for any exercise, as pull ups, stretching, strength training, cross-training, powerlifting, yoga, Pilates, and are also great for physical rehabilitation. Resistance bands help to exercise different parts of your body, like arms, back, legs and buttocks, chest, core, ABS and increase your body flexibility.
Simply fill the base with water or sand and use a 3 nozzles electric air pump to inflate the top part at home or in the car. In case of rips, it includes a repair kit which ensures hours of fun
Worlds First Color Changing Baseball- Our baseball is click activated, with just one click and hold the ball glows up and brightens up your night. There are 6 different colors to choose from: green, blue, red, purple, turquoise and white. See the ball from miles away with bright LED lights.
This product is designed from a biomechanical perspective to enhance the movement of leg strength. It is very helpful for improving the jump, speed and strength, and is suitable for any sports program.
SAFETY | Jayefo Boxing Kids Boxing Gloves Has A Thumb-Lock Feature Which Prevents Thumb To Touch Hitting Surface Preventing Injuries To Thumb. These Kids Heavy Punching Bag Gloves Are Double Padded To Provide Extra Protection Sparring Or Hitting Heavy Bag. These Boxing Set Gloves Also Has A Comfy Lining And Air Vent Holes For Breathability.
OPL always offers you the best exercise!!!
ADJUSTABLE METAL D-RING BUCKLE: Features an easy-release double ring metal cinch buckle that allows you to shorten the strap and to make a secure loop band that is secure and will not budge so that you can concentrate on your stretching without slipping
VERSATILE – Yoga blocks and strap set helps elongate stretching and ensure proper posture alignment. Perfect for all fitness levels. Blocks provide a strong foundation and the strap helps support difficult poses.
Effectively reduce pain and the risk of injury across your entire upper body
✅ PERFECT DESIGN: Patent Pending Heavy Punching Bag is versatile, specially handcrafted for you to take your practice to the next level. Whether you are a pro or a beginner it will boost up your punching strength and assist you in your MMA, Muay Thai and kickboxing training.
Durable Material - Made of indestructible acrylic, organizer trays are nicely wrapped in bubble and high-pressure bags and not easily damaged. 4 non-slip pads on the bottom to keep it in a stable position.
100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE- We treat you just like we would want to be treated, we strive for Top Notch Service. We're SO confident that you'll love this Allbingo handles that we offer 100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, Try this Allbingo product RISK FREE. If it is not everything that we claim send it back within 60 days for a full refund.
★STRENGTHEN POWER - The wall bag is a great way to practice the various strikes of the Wing Chun system, it can also help to develop power in the last inch of the strike
Safe & Space Saving: With safe hook structure in Weight Plate. It could prevent from weight plate dropping during exercises. Meanwhile, in your limited workout place, It combines multiple weight blocks into one to be easily stored at home or gym.
✅ Ideal for beginner, intermediate, and advanced users alike, our resistance band comes in five different weight resistances of varying sizes designed to accommodate personal fitness levels and workout routines. Choose from a weight resistance by selecting the correct sizes you need from our sizing chart (see listing images)
Nylon straps keep you safe no matter how intense the training is, and the triple-stitched D-ring tabs alleviate chains and excess noise
【5-Tier】: Huge storage capacity can avoid foam rollers and yoga mat occupying the floor area and cause the space to be crowded, making your home or gym clean and orderly.
Easy-grip neoprene coating for a secure hold, Hexagonal shape prevents dumbbells from rolling away
Premium inner foam provides superior impact absorption to ensure durability and a long life; OmniFlex neck allows for absorption from powerful strikes while reducing base movemen
High-Quality - The sturdy and durable spring bracket allows the child to return to its original position after each shot and is fully prepared for the next boxing. Punching ball with thickened leather outer layer is not easy to abrasion. Suitable for kids and adults for exercise.
Baseball Initial Letter Necklace:This boys baseball alphabet necklace contains 26 letters, each letter has a different meaning,men can choose the special letter,Choose your Initial letter, or give this baseball gift to you best friend or your family, bring good lucky to them.
<p>★ BEST FOR CARDIO AND FITNESS GOALS - Add fun and variety to your workout with a progressive exercise plan using our agility ladder and disc cones. You can train at home, in the backyard, at the stadium, in the park, in the gym, and anywhere else you would like.</p>
Super durable full synthetic leather
👊 [Portability & Setup Easy]-Unlike hanging heavy bag, no need to drill or hang to damage the wall, free standing bag with rounded ABS tank base with 12 suction cups only requires the user to fill the base with ballast like sand for stability. It doesn’t take up much space and can be moved almost anywhere you want it to be on that day.
Size, Speed punching bag adjustable height 155-190cm/61-74inch, suitable for youth teens and adults. Inflatable boxing ball fills 80-90% of the air, punching ball set with spinning bar suitable for martial arts, boxing, Muay Thai, Taekwondo fitness training.
Universal Speed Ball: Specially designed for boxing, MMA, fighting and other punching training, and for professional use in gyms as well as workouts at home to enhance your agility, coordination, accuracy and reflexes.
2.Anti-slip design.excellent cushioning and double-sided non-slip texture, best suitable to practice many forms of Yoga. Non slip on wood floor, tile floor, cement floor.
100% satisfaction guaranteed: Love it, or your money back! If you are not satisfied with the kit, we'll refund you 100% of the money, no questions asked.
【 Package of Kids Punching Bag Set 】This adjustable punching bag set has boxing gloves*1, pump*1, reflective bag*1, base*1, and other accessories. It is a perfect gift for kids from 3-7 years old to exercise their bodies, keep healthy, train their boxing skills and bring more fun. Kids can enjoy themselves both indoors and outdoors.
Long lasting material, Real Leather %100 genuine.
100% Cotton
EXTRA GRIP: Silicon pads supply plenty of grip at the pressure points and prevent the accumulation of heat in your palms, making it easy to hold the bar and ensure the safety of outdoor activities
INSTANT SLIMMING EFFECT SAUNA BELT: Thanks to Sweat Shaper's specially engineered top-layer performance compression fabric, you'll instantly look slimmer and more toned the moment you put it on. The Sweat Shaper Waist Trimmer will tuck your tummy in, shape your waist, and give you that toned and athletic look you always wanted. If you want the feeling of a flat stomach, a small waist, and a tight core, Sweat Shaper is the best waist trimmer in the market.
FOLDABLE LIGHTWEIGHT:SIZE: 70.8"L x 26"W , our lightweight fitness mat with carrying case can easily folds up to a 8.6 inch x 13.4 inch x 1.2 inch compact square and easily fits into your travel bag or case ,take your yoga practice anywhere on the go with this premium mat.
Our quality hula hoop is suitable for all sizes - plus size hula hoops give you better support and increased results.
🛡 Safe and Durable: Made of special high-quality materials, our hover ball is non-toxic and stable, with a soft foam bumper that protects both children and furniture. You can rest easy knowing your child is safe while they play.
SUPPORTIVE GRIP TEXTURE: This anti slip yoga mat includes a sticky non-slip gripping surface so you can pose with confidence and maintain balance without worry of slipping or skidding - ideal for all kinds of poses and stretches.
25% Polyurethane , 8% Spandex, 67% Polyester
Quad protection, from the inside out: High-elastic polyurethane foam liner, resistant to beating/high rebound. Soft layer, safe and not hurt your hands. Strength buffer layer to reduce impact. High-density PU skin, strong and durable.
HG-STEEL CHAINS WITH are known for their outstanding holding strength, prime fixture stability and resistant to corrosion properties that make them extra sturdy.
✅ Select 1 of 6 different resistance levels or get them in kits!. Not sure which resistance band is right for you? Check out our Band Selection Recommendation. Sale is for a SINGLE BAND ONLY.
Use during weightlifting to overload the body and add leverage to your lifts
MULTI-USE - The trainer is perfect for building punching speed, slipping block weave jabs, aerobic fitness workouts, combination, or whatever your sport requires. Ideal for health clubs, boxing gyms, or karate schools, the design is perfect for martial arts and kickboxing workouts.
🎁INDIVIDUAL ENGRAVED UNISEX GIFT: surprise the drummer or music fan in your life with this unique, handmade wall hanging light shaped like a cool drumset
Take your yoga practice anywhere on the go with this mat, ideal for your hot yoga, pilates, bikram, yoga, pilates, stretching, meditation, and floor exercises, family picnic, ashtanga, and play mats.
30%Latex + 70% Polyester
Pull-On closure
Have Fun With This Unique 16 Bright Colors Light Up Night Light Table Lamp LED (Multi-colored, Size: 12" L x 12" W x 1/8" Thick) With Remote Personalized Free Engraved, A Must Have!
【Perfect Size】Larger diameter for more striking ability. 360º bounce back quickly and shock absorption. No hurt to kids joints.
Suitable for commercial use, pre-sport warm-up, and on-the-go fitness
Care instructions: Hand Wash Only
Made from Rex leather with extra internal lining to give more strength and life.
★ Just The Right Amount Of Support & Cushion - Did you know? Too much thickness brings down the stability of the mat while a thin one will leave you bruised knees. That’s why we choose the best thickness - 4mm(0.16 inch), keeping things especially grippy and safe - even durable, offering plenty of support with just the right amount of cushion for your joints and knees.
Great Shock Absorption: Its high-density internal foam padding gives it great shock absorption, giving you a nice boxing experience.
Good quality canvas cloth material is wear-resistant and durable for years of use, with PU patch on the middle which is sleek enough to protect your hand from abrasion
【After-sale Warranty】We strive for Top Notch Service,If you are not satisfied with the product within 90 days, we will provide a 100% refund or replacement service. We are confident that you like and love this sport.
BOXING BAG FREE STANDING-It has two compartment, the bottom one is for water or sand to increase weight to keep it stand stable on the ground, the upper is for air to help you exercise your skills,Comes with a pedal pump, making inflation more labor-saving and quicker,Easy to install, open the joint at the bottom, fill it with water/sand, cover tightly, pump air into the aeration hole until it is full inflated.
25% Narrower Ergonomic Grip compared to standard blocks and wedges | Provides maximum cushion grip strength and stability | Yoga essentials | Meditation accessories Pilates Peloton Push Up Crossfit
This bundle is the perfect gift for your child boxer - Great for Kids (age 5-13)
DIMENSIONS: 69"L x 24"W x 8mm Thick / 1.14lbs
✔️ 100% Waterproof!: Going for a vacation? Make sure to take our football with you! Enjoy playing in a pool or ocean!
Working by Solar Power Engine: Engineering toys cover a wide range of educational subjects and put a strong emphasis on child's overall development. Future engineers will have endless fun building, rebuilding, and learning about solar power, enable children use their infinite imagination to to complete assembly and enjoy countless of hours of fun.
ANYWHERE - Hyperice X has an adaptive fit that moves with you freely. Enjoy fully automated, electric contrast therapy at home or on-the-go, with no prep, no ice, and no cords.
Easy to clean: put the water in the sink, add the washing liquid, mix evenly, put the towel in the sink, damp the towel, squeeze the towel, rub the yoga mat with a towel, clean the dirt and replace the sink with water. Wash the towel, repeat it several times with a clean towel, clean the washing solution and hang the yoga mat in a cool place to dry.
High quality cow hide leather speedball has an inflatable bladder inside which is pumped using a normal football pump.
【Eco Friendly Material】The yoga mat is made of high quality TPE material, and the TPE has high density and high elasticity. TPE material is 100% non-toxic and safe to use. No EVA, no PVC, no toxicity, no harmful chemicals.
✔ 100% SATISFACTION MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - For whatever reason you don't absolutely love your Nano Hertz weightlifting gloves. Just return It, and we'll refund every penny (or replace It, if there is a problem)
Comes in 4ft (150 cm) size
MADE IN USA
Multi uses: sports wristband great for all sports such as gym, basketball, soccer, tennis, workout, running, walking, yoga, cycling, badminton, baseball, table tennis, etc.
Separate and Stackable - These sturdy organizer trays can be stacked together, or each one works alone. Itemize and separate any things in the drawer to keep the space neat.
Our signature foam is optimized for cushion, stability and energy return. Unique wave texture grips and eliminates bunching up on any surface.
【WIDE APPLICATIONS】The women's wetsuit shorts pants are great for snorkeling, diving, kayaking, canoeing, rafting, swimming, surf, kiteboarding, water aerobics, exercises, and other water activities. Let our bodies keep warm and sunblock!
🏆【𝗗𝗨𝗥𝗔𝗕𝗟𝗘 𝗤𝗨𝗔𝗟𝗜𝗧𝗬 𝗖𝗢𝗡𝗦𝗧𝗥𝗨𝗖𝗧𝗜𝗢𝗡 】: The yoga mat storage rack is constructed out of heavy duty black powder coated finish steel to resist chipping, peeling and rust, which ensures a long lasting working life. Organize all your yoga and workout equipments and gears in this storage rack for both indoors & outdoors for truly space saving.
Bumper plates are constructed of high density rubber with solid stainless steel inserts that can withstand repeated drops and with minimal bounce
DURABLE, LIGHTWEIGHT DESIGN: Guardian Baseball turf shoes have a durable, lightweight design allowing for superior comfort all game long. Our kids turf shoes are perfect for wearing for practices, games and drills!
Designed to attach onto 16” wood stud walls or masonry walls in home or gym
Easy to install, quick to get started. Professional home gym boxing equipment.
【ONE KEY ADJUST】MGYM stationary bike is adjustable to your preferred height and position thus you can experience 3 different levels of bike exercise, including upright, semi-recumbent and recumbent mode. Two arm tension resistance bands come with tis exercise bike stationary, for training your arm muscles and upper body to achieve a balanced full-body training.
MULTIPURPOSE use as an Exercise Mat or top layer on gym or yoga mats
【Extra Large Size】75"x 40"(length*width), 8mm Thick yoga mat.Never be limited by the size of a yoga mat, it is suitable for both men and women. This large mat can not only be used for doing yoga, it can also be used as a living room floor mat, a sleeping mat in the bedroom, a crawling mat for children, it adapts to any type of exercise and movement.
FOLDABLE DESIGN:With a foldable design, the cushion can be converted into a quarter size for easy portability. It's easier to carry this portable pole dance yoga mat wherever you go,Compatible with any pole size.
👊【Heavy Duty Boxing Bag】: Constructed with multi-layer construction, each layer has been carefully engineered: stainless steel tube prop, eco-friendly fabric buffer, high-density EPE foam, 3mm Premium PU Leather. Generates tear-resistant, fast rebound, good hardness balance and hands protective surface.
MAYA HIDE LEATHER BAG GLOVES are ideal for practicing jabs and upper cuts knowing that the gel foam padding will protect your hands against heavy impacts.
The internal filling can absorb and distribute the impact. The lining is made of silk CR fabric. Children can have a wonderful time with these bags.
NON-SLIP LARGE SIZE FOR ADDED STABILITY - Don’t risk injury using a thin yoga mat. Our mat features a non-slip texture that grips the floor for extra traction as you move on the mat. You can safely do any pose and not worry about the mat slipping out from under you.
🥊 PORTABLE BAG - The Wavemaster Can Be Moved, Tip It Onto The Side Of The Base And Roll It.
Unique ultra durable baseballs:Glow in The Dark Baseball is designed for recreational use, with solid cork and rubber center, hand-stitched, even and regular stitching, rounded sphere, sturdy and non-breakable material, can be played in different weather, perfect for batting practice or casual games
Adult free standing punching bag: Works on any even floors in home and office; Stands approx 69" /175cm tall; Great adult or teens (47-73In tall) gift as stress buster and strength builder
Suitable for all skill levels: Whether you're a beginner or an advanced martial artist, this heavy bag is perfect for your training
BE THE CHANGE: JadeYoga’s mission is to make the best quality yoga products and give back to the earth or community with each product sold. As Jade mats come from trees, Jade gives back by planting a tree with every mat sold – with over 2 Million trees planted so far.
Tropical Plants for Passion: The designer uses realistic palm leaves dotted with elements such as bananas papayas and more to add vitality and harmony to your yoga life, letting you immerse yourself in the passionate tropical jungle, feeling free, relaxed, and rejuvenated
NON-SLIP, WATERPROOF AND EASY TO CLEAN -The closed-cell surface can prevent dust and sweat from seeping in and causing odors or health damage, so it is easier to wipe and clean. Our yoga mats are designed with an exclusive double-side sticky non-slip texture pattern to provide excellent traction and superior grip on wood, tile, or cement floors.
[Extension Add-ons] Extend the length of the handles to fine-tune your grip strength training. The included extensions allows you to shift hand placements and lower the resistance needed so you can effectively enhance your grip strength and step up to the next level.
💪【Multi-purpose】yoga mats for kids,top yoga mat,yoga mat cover,no slip yoga mats,slip yoga mat,extra thick yoga mat,aqua yoga mat,cork yoga mats for women,boho yoga mat,thai yoga mat,mat yoga,cool yoga mats for men,girl yoga mat,hot yoga mat non slip,hot yoga mat and towel set,gym yoga mat,extra wide yoga mat,gold yoga mat,brown yoga mat,hot yoga mats for women,yoga mat extra large,6mm yoga mat,home yoga mat,yoga mat towel with grip dots.
Comes with multi-level challenges - Gravity Maze comes with 60 beginner to expert challenges that become increasingly difficult as you play through them
QUALITY: RIP-STOP exterior shell. Triple stiched for superior quality. Our bags will not rip. These bags are hanging in many gyms across the world for more than 35 years and still holding up.
FULL BODY WORKOUT - Combines cardio and strength training for an effective, full body workout that builds muscle and burns fat
SUPERIOR QUALITY Mat is extremely durable and will not fade or bleed inks. It is soft and of high quality. Artwork design is printed with water-based inks.
Textured Hand-Shaped Cutouts for Non-Slip Grip | Best tools for hand and wrist comfort | Master all of your poses | Best yoga props Yoga sets starter kit Yoga supplies Closed cell foam
4-inch diameter provides a compact and agile target for speed and accuracy training
QUALITY CONSTRUCTION - Crafted with a super-strong water-repellent canvas backed synthetic leather cover for professional use. Heavy duty nylon straps with triple stitched D-ring tabs; less weight and no noisy chains
【Travel Yoga Mat】The yoga mat came with lightweight,great yoga mat to carry to gym or use at home.This Mat can use strap to keep it tight and use to simply store or travel.It is an ideal exercise tool for you to carry anywhere.The strap is an adjustable with random color,which allows the yoga mat can be tied up and taken to a park or gym for a workout. The exercise yoga mat is suitable for men and women.The yoga mat is applicable for professional Yogi,amateurs or beginners.
💪【Effective Creating Ideal Body】- You Can Get Resistance Bands Set – includes Black (50 lbs.), Green(40 lbs.), Blue (30 lbs.), Red (20 lbs.), and Yellow (10 lbs.). The bands can be used alone or stacked in any combination to achieve your optimal resistance level up to 150 lbs, Can meet a variety of exercise needs by combining with different resistance levels. Whether you are a novice or a sportsman, you can use it very well for sports.
👍【Adjustable and Comfortable Handle】There are four different levels of handrail height(29.9’’/32.6’’/35.8’’/39’’) available to adjust for adults and kids, ensure you have a good jumping experience. The handle bar is covered by the foam and easily detachable, very comfortable for you to grip and prevent accidentally fall down.
Soothe Your Anxiety: Without complicated rules, the sling puck board gameplay simply by ejecting the pucks through to the other side, a perfect game for hand-eye coordination practice as well as relaxation.
HEALTH & SELF CONFIDENCE | Jayefo Kids Punching Bag Gloves Are Great Sport To Increase Kid’s Immunity. Use Jayefo Kids Mma Gloves To Train With Kids Punching Bag Which Greatly Increase The Self Confidence Of Your Child.
THE WRIST SWEAT BAND OF WEIGHTLIFTERS – Finally a wristband specially made for lifters, powerlifters, and Olympic weight lifters… The LYFT-RX wrist sweatband! A sweat-absorbing, quick-drying, elastic band with a slim profile design. It keeps your wrists and forearms dry while gripping dumbbells, kettlebells, barbells, bars, ropes, gymnastics rings, sandbags, slam balls, and any gym equipment.
[Enjoy Workout Fun at Any Occasion] - Compared with ordinary boxing sandbags, it is portable. Put it in the storage bag, you can carry the boxing trainer headband and play at home, or during the lunch break at school/work! You’re ready for your daily workout!
ULTRA GAME NBA APPAREL - Officially Licensed by The NBA (National Basketball Association), Ultra Game NBA by UNK features innovative designs with forward thinking graphics and textures.
Wall-mounted Installation - The base is securely fastened to the wall or other object with 4 screws. No need to worry about falling off. This punching bag can save a lot of space at home.
100% Other fibers
NON-SLIP: Provides greater stability on any hard or soft surfaces. Proprietary bottom material allows its grip to improve with every use to help prevent injury.
COMPACT AND CONVENIENT: With an anti-rolling hexagon design, your free weights won’t roll away and are easy to stack so they take up minimal space, ideal for home use, travel, outdoors, indoors, or the gym, you can take these gym accessories everywhere
A perfect addition to your current collection of boxing equipment.
OKAY FOR HARDWOOD? - Absolutely. 6mm mats are ideal for hard floors. Not too thick, not too thin, the goldilox thickness. Ideal for intensity workouts like hiit and tabata.
Sold as unfilled bag but can be filled up to 30 kg+
Model Number : Yoga Mat Spikes
TRAINING AREAS - The POWRX Sport Mats are Designed By Sport Professionals and Ideal for a wide variety of Sports, Gymnastics, Yoga, Pilates and Aerobics Exercises. Exercise mats can also be used for Camping Outdoor and Indoor.
High-quality inner material: Stainless steel tube stand is encased in multi-layer construction: 2mm thickened PU leather striking surface, high-density EPE foam, eco-friendly fabric buffer; Tear-resistant, fast rebound, is sure to withstand long-term onslaught of kicks and punches
【Sturdy Design】Our rack is made of metal, high temperature resistance, wear resistance. Easy to clean, wipe clean with damp cloth.
✔【Non Slip & Sweat-Absorbent】- Suede material above can be quickly absorbs sweat and dust, the more sweat is absorbed, the more non-slip it is. Non-slip texture design on the back, strong grip, provide comfortable cushioning support.
COMES IN TWO STRENGTHS; The black heavy band measures .051" thick x 4” wide and 7' long and provides regular compression. The red x-heavy band measures .060" thick x 4” wide and 7' long; the extra thickness provides more compression for world-class weightlifters and strongmen
PUNCH BAG WITH AIR PUMP GIFT- The perfect gift for kids or teenagers to train karate, taekwondo, punching, kicking or kung fu. Little boxing beginners will like the lightweight vertical punching bag.Comes with an easy‑to‑use foot pump.Folds flat for compact storage.
Constructed with an ultra strong and soft material, this will be your favorite heavy bag to hit.
Perfect for home or gym use
Measures 74 by 24 by 0.3 inches; choice of stylish color; backed by an Amazon Basics 1-year limited warranty
REAL HEAVY DUTY EXERCISE HANDLES: Made very well with very sturdy materials and comfy padding on the non-slip handles.Heavy duty rings easily connect to your cable equipment or exercise bands. They withstand a lot of weight, too.
TETHERING LOOP is attached at the bottom of the punch bag to help prevent swaying and tilting of the bag. Train rigorously without the swinging of the punch bag disturbing you.
【EASY TO CLEAN】Use a damp towel to wipe off the stain with cold water and a mild detergent, and then dry it. Machine washable, please do not expose to sunlight for a long time.
GREAT PUNCHING BALL TRAINING KIT: 【Package include】1 punching bag with stand, 1 pair boxing gloves for kids, 1 hand pump, 1 color box.
Plastic
【BACK SUPPORT WAIST TRRIMMER】 This waist trainer belt with five spiral steel bones can add extra support to help in tricky poses for weak or uncertain spines, relieve back pain for those suffer with arthritis, and improve posture when you sit down for long time or doing your squats or lift boxes.
Achieve total fitness and have fun while you’re at it! With our weighted hula hoop, you can enjoy the basics of hula and build confidence to try out more advanced routines.
Clinically researched and proven to reduce elbow pain by 81% and increase strength in the tendons by 72% in tennis elbow patients, Tyler Twist with FlexBar is simple and works
Triple-stitched
Improve your response speed: this kind of fight ball reflex has a great improvement in response speed, because such a small target moves to you at a high speed, if you persist, your brain response time will be greatly improved!
- ANTI-SNAP DESIGN: Unlike other pull-up assist bands that are quickly bonded into place, which leads to easy snapping, Garage Fit exercise bands are made using a slow layering process featuring 15 layers. The result? Extra-durable workout bands that never snap on you.
Patented YoFoMat PRO features a superior performance mat for professional yoga and Pilates practice anywhere
GREAT FOR FRIENDS & FAMILY - Do your friends want to test out your Peloton Bike that you won’t stop talking about? Now they can without borrowing your nasty cycling shoes.
59% Polyester, 39% Cotton, 1% Spandex, 1% Other Fibers
Everlast 100 Pound Heavy Bag Kit: Durable Nevatear heavy bag with reinforced webbing Durable and functional with an adjustable heavy bag chain
✅Portable and Easy Care: Wipe clean with water and hang to air dry for the mat’s daily care. This simple care routine saves your time and will ensure your mat last for years to come. An extra Carry Strap comes with the mat because we’re committed to offer you a STRESS-FREE WAY to and from your yoga practice.
GUARANTEE AND SERVICE: You will not be disappointed with our quality, and we offer the best customer service and a lifetime guarantee. If you have any problems, please do not hesitate to contact us. Hope you have an enjoyable shopping experience.
Transform Your Body By Workout: Whether you're a beginner or an experienced athlete, our kettlebells are perfect for any fitness level
Polarized
MULTIPLE BENEFITS:One is required to make the speedbag move at a constant rate of speed while using consistent punching force. As a result, working out with a speedbag can help to develop your es, increase your speed and improve your hand-eye coordination.
EASY CLEAN - For sure! Vegan Suede surfaces are easy to wipe away sweat, and clean dirty feet. Perfect high intensity, sweaty, hot yoga mat.
Protects Floors and Joints – If there’s anything worse than sore joints after an high intensity workout, it’s finding out your carpet or hardwood flooring has been destroyed too. Don’t make plyometrics and burpees any harder than they already are. Works great on all floors including carpet, concrete and tile in your living room, garage, or basement.
Soft textures, non-slip surface will help to keep you motivated and focused
High Quality Punching Bag: Punching heavy bag stitching firm and delicate, keep sealed to prevent air leakage, zipper closure, convenient and safe. The 3 thickened triangle hooks are connected to the chain, doubling the stability performance.
☀DESIGN OF stomach TRIMMER BELT: Wide enough to cover the stomach area and stay put during exercise; Thick enough to produce the heat and burn the fat,hook&loop closure to make sure that the belt is fastened tightly around the abs. Our stomach trimmer belt has a good amount of hook&loop to make people of many different sizes able to wear this trimmer belt easily.A spandex belt provides more cinching ability for this trainer.
♦ Adventages of the platform: The platform can be held in place onto the wall using the steel bracket, which is space saving, easy to clean, waterproof and lasting durability.
Crewneck provides full coverage; Reflective details
Zipper closure
MATERIAL: These Extra Thick Yoga Mats are Made of High-Quality NBR (synthetic rubber) Material which is Odour-Free. The Mats are Free from BPA, Phthalate, Latex, and PVC. These Mats can be wiped Clean with a Cloth
【PRECISE & EFFICIENT】Push-up bars are specifically designed for different muscle groups (chest, shoulders, triceps, biceps and back), with strong resistance bands, which can activate 30% to 50% more muscles. Detailed instructions and professional training guidance can maximize your overall workout effect.
Uppercut heavy bag can also be used to practice leg movements such as knee kicks and whip-leg.
☀WEIGHT LOSS BELT: Our waist trimmer belt is suitable for sports, cycling and weight lifting.This waist trainer shapewear is constructed with Flex-boning technology to work like a corset or waist corset, with adjustable hook&loop closure waistband to strengthen the compression around your stomach. The abs belly fat burning waist trimmer belt targets right at your midsection, makes you sweat during fitness workout and stimulates faster abdomen fat burning.
QUALITY ASSURANCE- perfect after-sales system, worry-free shopping,if you have any questions, please contact us in time, reply within 24 hours -100% satisfaction, we provide 3 months free warranty. If you are not satisfied with our punching bag, we will get a new one or a full refund.
halloween sweatshirts zip up sweatshirts for mens sweatshirt mens tunic sweatshirt christmas sweatshirt for men leopard sweatshirt for men patriots sweatshirt sweatshirts for men plus size mens sweatshirts fuzzy sweatshirt for men sweaters and pullovers mens sweaters pullover mens hoodie pullover quarter zip pullover mens pullover hoodie men 1/4 zip pullover mens pullover hoodies mens v-neck pullover sweatershirt men's pullover sweater fuzzy pullover men
Occasions: Very suitable at home, gym, yoga hall, beach park and other places, use this yoga mat for yoga, Pilates, fitness, aerobics and other sports.
POWERFUL 2.25HP QUIET MOTOR & SHOCK REDUCTION SYSTEM — With a powerful and ultra-quiet 2.25HP motor, this Superfit treadmill allows you to walk or run without disturbing others, making it ideal for home and office use. With a sturdy and durable steel frame and multi-layer shield design, it's shock-absorbing and noise-reducing, making your running quieter, safer and more comfortable.
Elastic sweatbands: size is 3.15 x 3.15 inch (L x W), but they all have good elasticity which make them fit most men and women, great for all sports
EASY TO APPLY: The convenient roll-on stick applicator makes it easy to spread on your skin and to get those hard-to-reach places, and it can be used to target your belly, midsection, arms, legs or other stubborn areas
Extra Long & Wide: Measures at 72" (183cm) long, 26" wide, 1/6" (3mm) thick; folds up to a large book size (~13"x10"x3")
ADJUSTABLE 28 TO 42 IN HEIGHT：The Punching Ball has 70-106 height adjustment range, it suits for most teenagers.
【Durable PU Ball】This boxing bag made of resilient PU leather material, Internal inflation. It can withstand multiple hits without deformation.
★【Yoga Leggings】--Sexy butt lift push up high waisted leggings for women, booty shaping scrunch bubble lifting yoga pants, butt lifting scrunch anticellulite leggings.The most fashionable women's leggings in 2021! Let you always be at the forefront of the trend!
Includes heavy-duty metal chains and loop for easy overhead mounting
Suitable For All Ages - With unique interlocking tiles designed for total peace-of-mind, these foam floor tiles are ideal for people of all ages, including those with limited mobility and sensory processing disorders.
Baseball is easy. Just hit the ball, run fast and turn left a few times. A great baseball player or fan item during the season, playoffs or practice. Get one for the whole team to have some fun and motivate them to victory.
★Extra Thick Yoga knee pads: Our yoga knee pad and fitness pad is constructed of 15mm thick high density, high quality gel foam that has a non-slip surface to stay in place. Overall knee pad measurements: 7.75” x 7.75” x 20mm thick foam
MULTI-USE FUNCTIONALITY: This punching bag is perfect for various workouts, including building aerobic fitness, practicing punches, jabs, kicks, or any other techniques your sport requires. It is ideal for health clubs, boxing gyms, karate schools, and is particularly suited for martial arts and kickboxing workouts.
【Ready for Crazy Punch】: Still worried about the high energy of your children? Here - FITVEN kids punching bag to help let off steam! The colorful ball bounces back quickly and stably, which can keep kids' attention and passion to consume energy quickly. Come on! Ready for a crazy punch?
【ATTRACTIVE PATTERN】Our Advanced Printing Technology makes these mats colorful and eye-catching which can eventually add more motivation and enthusiasm to your yoga exercise. These attractive patterns will also freshen you up during your yoga practice!
GET INTO SHAPE EASILY– Achieve a beautiful waist and abdomen with the hula hoops for adults weight loss. It will help you lose weight, tone your body and create tighter hips, slimmer legs, and slender arms. It's easy to use, and won't fall down
✅100% Satisfaction Service: Customer Satisfaction is our top priority. if you have any problem with your yoga matt, please feel free to contact us and we’ll offer you a satisfying solution. NO MORE HESITATE, just add this exercise mat to your shopping cart and BUY IT NOW!
Boxing ball has good shock absorption effect, safer and quieter, resilient rebound, uniform force, efficient rebound at nearly 90 °.
【Double End Punching Ball】The speed ball is very flexible, which can improve your endurance speed and accuracy, thereby strengthening your body. Also help to develop your reflexes, increase your speed and improve your hand-eye coordination. Suitable for mixed martial arts, fights, boxing or daily reaction training, precision, agility, endurance etc.
Includes handwrap and heavy bag gloves
Premium embossed leather palm for ultimate feel
LUNG CAPACITY - It helps to expand and improve your lung capacity without having to do a ton o cardio and risk burning calories
Better Technical Shock Absorption System - 4 sets of hydraulic damping, rubber and stainless steel fixed plate work together to improve the shock relief effect again. This combination can fully break down the bounce-back force to make stress distribution very evenly, minimizing the damage to the human body to the maximum extent.
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION: We are sure that both you and your kids will love practicing on the inflatable punching bag at home or even at the gym. The package will come with fully detailed manual instruction, with our great instruction you will not have any open question about how to inflate and preserve the product
HOME FITNESS YOGA MAT: This extra thick, non slip yoga mat is moisture resistant and great for all types of fitness and stretching exercises including yoga poses, pilates, meditating, and general workouts.
Package include: 2 x Ankle Wraps & 20 x 5-LB metal sticks, Each wrap has 10 slots for the metal sticks
Clear instructions – Easy to learn with a clear, high quality instruction manual You can start playing and solving right away
STRONGEST WHEEL ON THE MARKET: Our Zenocity back wheel roller was engineered with YOU in mind. Go ahead and bend - our yoga back wheel will not break, it can hold UP TO 440 LBS. The strength and durability of this back wheel makes it a great yoga accessory for everyone!
Synthetic palm provides durability & grip
[Durable Material] This Inflatable Punching Bag is made of durable multi-layer PVC material, and the widened bottom support stronger stable.
High density shock absorbing foam liner
Don't overinflate，or it will crack.
COMFORT FIT: These lightweight tech pants feature an elastic waistband to ensure a snug and perfect fit; These joggers will keep your boy comfy and stay in place during a workout or soccer practice; Perfect also as causal, everyday wear, these lightweight pants will make lounging extra comfy
MADE IN THE USA - When You Buy A BOB Training Dummy you are supporting a US Company that provides a punching bag of the highest quality lead free materials.
Arch support for a snug, secure fit
Pair Of Ankle Weights With Adjustable Strap, 2 LB each Weight
Size: Puching bag 4 inches tall and measures a full 12 inches in bottom diameter.
✅ WE STAND BEHIND OUR PRODUCTS: Made to last from high quality materials and fully machine washable for easy cleaning, our ultra-advanced polyurethane inner layer preserves heat and yet allows the vest to be washed. Features an anti-roll silicone lining so it stays in place with every movement. All products purchased from Kewlioo are protected by by our SATISFACTION GUARANTEE and can be easily returned or exchanged
Coral Fleece,velvet
SUPER-SOFT FABRIC: the top and bottoms are made of a double-brushed poly material that's comfortable and warm.
👊Wide Use Fitness Punching Bag: Boxing can help to improve agility and hand-eye coordination. It is the best fitness accessories for practicing grappling, Mixed martial arts, Muay Thai, Karate, and Taekwondo. Easy to carry, perfect for at home, in the office, on trips and camping.
BIG 26"x71" Allowing you more space to immerse yourself in the moment. At only 7lbs. the Alerse 75 is lighter than comparable mats.
Easy to Clean: The punching wall is made of PU leather and foam, the surface is sleek and easy to clean, the inner foam pad is soft and can protect your hand
Come in set of two, one pair of arm trimmers in a single order.
✅Non Slip Yoga Mat: Upgraded material to provide Extra Grip and Slip-free experience with our exclusive textured surface. On top layer you will feel the performance grip while the tire-threaded bottom sticks to the floor. These dual-layer extra thick yoga mats for women perfectly blends function and comfort in one, making it an ideal workout matt for home as well.
✔Baseball Cross Pendant ✔ Made from stainless steel. Advantage is hypoallergenic waterproof, will not change color. Suit long time to wear and save. Worth buying.
Includes high-density foam kneepad for superior comfort
Crafted with a water-repellent canvas backed synthetic leather cover for professional use
✅ 34'' EXTRA LONG ADJUSTABLE STEEL CHAIN: dip belt with chain can be used for a variety of exercises to increase the resistance of the user which allows for extreme muscle-building, whether it's pull-ups belt or dips belt our powerlifting belt will surely be able to allow for better workouts workout belt.
88% Polyester, 12% Spandex
LIFT HEAVY WITH LYFT-RX! – Lifting is your passion, your gear is ours! Don’t let your grip slip with our premium elastic sweatbands made to keep your arms and hands dry. Get yours today and LIFT HEAVY with the LYFT-RX!
Comfortable Workout: Neoprene coating prevents corrosion, reduces noise, protects flooring, and enhances appearance - Great for indoor and outdoor training
men casual lightweight long sleeve cardigan open front cardigans chunky knit draped sweaters outwear with pockets long sleeve shrugs long sleeve soft chunky knit sweater cardigan sweaters for men black white cardigan for men the black friday deals 2021 halloween costume cosplay for men raglan christmas baseball shirts christmas santa pullover tee shirt funny christmas plaid long sleeve raglan baseball t-shirt halloween pumpkin blouse shirt
Made of solid heavy duty steel material.
Great shooting game - The gun target toys come with 2 pack patented air blasters,24 soft foam balls(green & blue), and 1 navy-themed standing shooting target.Ideal for play indoors or outdoor! You can get more for some other family members for the holidays.
Easy to fill and set up. The top of the bag can be found through the zipper seal for easy filling.
ALL ROUND PERFORMANCE: closed-cell so does not absorb moisture with mesh like surface texture provides comfortable feel and grip. Perfect balance of reliability, comfort and stability.
BENEFITS: A non-slip surface adheres to the floor
ANTI-SLIP DESIGN: Compared to PVC and NBR material, the KIUI PRO yoga mat has been updated with a non-slip texture for yoga. The double-layer construction along with a non-slip textured surface provides optimal grip without sacrificing comfort. This makes it suitable for many forms of Yoga.
High quality: It is soft and does not hurt your hands. The integrated molding is more firm. The large-capacity base can be filled with water and sand, and the powerful suction cup is more stable.
TPE MATERIAL - Yoga mat is made from TPE material, which is no PVC and irritating smell, as well as more soft, 100% non-toxic, skin-friendly and light weight. Recyclable and avoid environmental pollution
- DUAL-COLOR ECO YOGA MAT - Tired of chemical smell of your yoga mat? We make this upgraded ODOR-FREE eco friendly yoga mat for you. Odorless, Healthy and Recyclable. This TPE Yoga Mat is made of Advanced TPE material to better resilience with improved durability to take your yoga further.
Includes heavy-duty chain and swivel
Extra Firm Gym Foam Roller - Molded polypropylene foam technology has a 2 lbs. per cubic foot density, Smooth surface, Will not lose its shape after heavy use, and Repels Liquids. Trigger Point Foam Roller. Stretching Foam Roler
★Great Durability: This boxing target is made of anti-tear and anti-burst PU. This material is also very resistant to strikes. Even if you hit it with all your might, it will still be solid, allowing you to enjoy a full-on boxing experience.
❤【Tank Top Detail】Summer Days And Double Plays Funny Baseball Tank Top, Cute Graphic Softball Muscle Tank, Round Neck ,Sleeveless, Summer Sleeveless Casual shirt for Woman.
2. The Yoga mat double-sided sticky non-slip texture provides excellent traction and superior grip, best suitable to practice many forms of yoga. Non slip on wood floor, tile floor, cement floor.
3D Stereo Cutting Beveled Edges: The yoga blocks come with beveled edges for easy to grip, and they help you enhance stability during yoga practices. Amazingly, the beveled edges is made by golden ratio cutting for comfortable steady.
Accessories include a cool baby carrier, a camping stove and pan with fried egg, a croissant, smoothie maker, bay bottle, camera and cups
Pilates Non Slip Fitness Mats: Suede & Natural Rubber. They are truly healthy and recyclable. Absorb sweat quickly. Ideal for your hot yoga, pilates, bikram, ashtanga, family picnic, and kids play mats. Moreover you can have a rest after exercise.
Professionally compressed filled with 100% shredded cotton fabric
90% Polyester, 10% Spandex
3.a very good holiday gifts for Friends, family.
MADE FOR THE TOUGHEST WORKOUTS. Here at Grip Power Pads, we make products that last. You’ll find double steel rings and extra strong fastening on our padded ankle straps. These guarantee your foot and leg straps for cable machines will stay closed every time. Use up to 220 lbs on machines or use these straps with resistance bands – either way you can work out with total confidence!
Have Fun, Be Active, and Stay Indoor and Keep Fit – This sturdy inflatable punching bag that will help kids let steam off, strengthen their muscles, build confidence and boost hand-eye coordination. It’s a fun way to have the kids be active and have fun indoors and outdoors.
6 vacuum suction cups are used at the bottom of the boxing ball. The suction is strong, it is not easy to be knocked down, high elasticity does not hurt your hands, wind and rain.
Perfect bag for boxing, MMA, Muay Thai and contact sport athletes alike to develop fast strikes, strong reflexes and reach their fitness goals
SATISFYING – We at the URBNFit team are committed to providing our customers with the very best fitness products.  We are available at any time to answer questions or help resolve any problems with these yoga props and meditation accessories.
THE BEST YOGA MAT: A premium yoga, fitness, and workout mat from B YOGA. This 4mm (1/8-inch thick) yoga mat is the perfect thickness and weight to provide grip and comfort during exercise, from super sweaty and fast-moving flows to room-temp yin with long holds.
Shield The Eyes And Face From The Sun -- Pre-curved visor, protect your child skin from harmful UV rays and keep their hair out of the face and eyes by wearing this comfortable baseball cap during all your outdoor activities. Premium cotton, funny logo,and a soft feel bring both luxury and comfort to your day. Perfect for match your clothing style, family, barbecues, summer Parties.
Ultra-wide wheel tread offers stability when carving left right or center for targeted work on obliques
👍 EXTRA LARGE 4 INCH BASE - Engineered to be non-slip, sturdy, and stable while providing optimum cushioned support. Tough enough to support any home practice. The recommended choice for yoga blocks for men. Did we mention it's eco-friendly, naturally sustainable, odor-free, and moisture resistant!
♫【Resistance to hitting】: The surface of the boxing ball is made of high-density PU leather and four-layer thickening PU protection measures to prevent bursts and effectively improve the ability to resist hits. Strong stainless steel springs.
RELIABLE & DURABLE -- Crafted with 3 layer construction, environment-friendly sponge with high density lining, which makes your workout safe without hurting hands
DURABLE:Made of high-quality PU leather, the Boxing Punching Bag provides extreme durability to ensure it can withstand multiple beatings over and over again.
Stable Base: The 8 suction cups on the base strongly absorb the ground and firmly hold the ground. Can adsorb all kinds of smooth ground, wipe the ground with a rag before adsorption. The bottom can be filled with water or sand to improve stability
✿This casual solid shirt for women has modest cut which is simple and generous in design. With adjustable spaghetti strap and v neck combined, that will makes you sexy and charming.
❤Gift choice: Well packed in a Gift Box,Suitable for Birthday,Mother's Day,Valentine's Day,Wedding,Engagement,Christmas,Party,Anniversary,Daily,Work time. Good to be your love for her or him,couples,mother,daughter,best friend,Friendship,Sisters,Father,Cousin,Brother,Grandmother,Daughter,Bridesmaid.,Sports Team.
Microfiber sized mat towel: fits perfectly over a traditional size yoga mat (68-inch x 24-inch)
This punch bag has two compartment, the bottom one is for water or sand to increase weight to keep it stand stable on the ground, the upper is for air to help you train your skills.
【Multiple Choices】 There are five YOGA poses for your selection. But you may need purchase all of these 5 figures, as THEY ARE FAMILY ^ ^
★MATERIAL: Latest Eco-Friendly PU Foam odorless and safe for your body, provides comfort while maintaining balance and stability,it is durable and not easily deformed.
[SET UP ANYWHERE] You can set up your punching bag on the grass, concrete, decking or anywhere you desire. Simply fill the freestanding heavy duty base with water(weighing 30kg) or sand(weighing 40kg) for stability.
Easy to Use: Simply fill the base with water or sand, then inflate the top part using pump and you are ready to go. When not in use, it can be emptied and folded down ready to play another time.
Material: punching bag with stand used environmentally friendly PVC, safe and durable.
HEAVY-DUTY WELDED CONSTRUCTION – Keep all of your weights secure at all times with the Marcy DBR-86 Dumbbell Rack. Made from commercial-grade steel, its durable frame can withstand heavy loads while resisting damage from intensive use over time.
Perfect Fitness
Satisfaction Guarantee -One-year warranty and Satisfaction Guarantee. Any problem you encounter, please feel free to contact us. You will take NO RISK if you order now via clicking the "Add To Cart" button on this page!
✅ EASY TO PUT ON & OFF: High quality zipper allows you to put it on or take it off EASILY. Exceptionally FLEXIBLE and versatile: featuring a tank top style you can choose to wear it hidden underneath your clothes of you wish.
Easy to play with high safety—SpringFlower Dart Board Game is easy to install and play for people of all ages, Great Indoor and Outdoor Activities Game for Kids. Made of soft fabric with sticky balls,Different from classic sharp darts, the hook-and-loop plastic balls are safe without causing injuries to children or make holes in the wall, allowing kids no limit to play. as we dedicated to bringing your family a highly safe game.
Kids punching bag increases self-defense skills, power and endurance. It reduces stress and enhances boxing and martial arts techniques
External diameter: 90mm ;Hole inner diameter: 10mm
Heavy Duty Resistance Band Handles: These heavy duty cable handles attachment for gym can not only handle the heavy weight they're super comfortable.Three are heavy duty and a huge improvement over most other exercise handles.
[Power and avoidance] Use an inflatable punching bag to train your arm strength and accuracy of punches and swings. With Bounce-Back, you can train combo attacks and improve your dodge skills when rebounding. Kick and hug can also be used, inflatable boxing bag can bear and stand.
71" long 24" wide ensures comfort for people of all shapes and sizes
Multi-Purpose Gym Storage: This adjustable exercise mat rack can hold up to eight, standard 1.5-inch thick yoga mats; can be used for yoga blocks, foam rollers, mats, and straps
Multi-Purpose Heavy-Duty Inflatable Punching Bag
Punching bag is soft filled to 100 pounds and measures 14-inch x 60-inch with a heavy duty built in straps.
ABSORBS SHOCK EFFICIENTLY! The durable power-hide synthetic leather ensures resilient shock absorbency. The punching bag offers you a perfect rebound and comes back at you fast. The remarkable degree of flex is all you need for your stress-releasing training session!
The baseball letter necklace is made of high quality stainless steel.It keeps the color for a long time and is not easy to fade.This baseball letter necklace is very suitable for boys to wear.This is the perfect boy baseball gear decoration gift
Developed by yogis for yogis
EASY USABILITY The lace along the side allows the users to open up the boxing speed bag easily to take out to repair or replace the original bladder. The speedball boxing training allows the trainees to complete heavy duty workout sessions by mounting the speed punching bag on the wall mount or the ceiling as per their comfort.
☀【Free Carry strap】Easy to go and carry. No need to go buy a yoga carrying strap. We've got you covered. Convenient to carry the yoga mat anywhere you want.
Approximate Dimensions: S/M 4.25” (W) x 10.25” (L), L/XL 4.5” (W) x 11.25” (L)
★Less Noise: The foam and EVA inside the boxing target have a sound-absorbing effect. So you will not make too much noise to disturb others when you punch it.
🤸‍♀️【𝟲𝗣𝗖𝗦 𝗥𝗢𝗟𝗟𝗜𝗡𝗚 𝗪𝗛𝗘𝗘𝗟𝗦 & 𝟮𝗣𝗖𝗦 𝗛𝗢𝗢𝗞𝗦】: The yoga mat holder features in 6 heavy-duty wheels(2 lockable), which can help you move your sports gear easily indoors or outdoors. And the 2pcs J-shaped hanging hooks ensure you can hang your bags, gloves, caps, jerseys and all your other sportswear easily and suitably.
Easy to Install - Follow the installation instructions, the wall mounted speed bag can be easily installed on your wall in minutes. The high elastic spring allows you to quickly restore the original position every time you hit the boxing ball without hurting you.
Latex rubber is porous so air will escape w/ each use- Worth the maintenance of light inflation every couple days as they far outperform other bladders- Butyl rubber bladders are heavy & slow and plastic bladders are oblong & have an inconsistent rebound
✅ Buy more than one band and combine the bands for most efficient training and faster results. Combining bands gives you different levels of assistance which can allow you to progress faster and workout in different rep ranges. You can also alternate bands to do sets where you start with the thicker band and then add the thinner band to squeeze out more reps upon failure. This is the best and fastest way to progress on any exercise.
OCCASIONS☀ - These hooded sweatshirt great for Home, School, Fall, Winter, New Year, Street, Sports, Costumes, Beach, Casual and Daily Wear, Excellent Gift for Birthday, Holiday, Party, Christmas, Celebration,etc.
One 6 pack of honeycomb black sweat towels for gym measuring 16 inches by 27 inches
Base can be filled with sand or water for stability; Sand has proven to be more effective for larger children
UNRIVALED DURABILITY - Our 55-66 lb boxing punching bag is meticulously manufactured using top-of-the-line nylon canvas, ensuring long-lasting resilience and unmatched punching absorbency. Dimensions: 37.7 x 13.7 inches. Unfilled weight: 4.4 lbs.
PERFECTLY SIZED: 24 inches wide by 60 inches long, our small yoga mat is perfectly sized for kids, tweens & teens who want to stretch, meditate or relax. And girls will love the screen printed celestial design
【Height Adjustable】: The height of the punching ball stand is adjustable from 47.2 inches to 61.4 inches to suit personal preferences. Easily adjustable to fit everyone’s needs, face people of different heights, it can perfectly cooperate with you to complete boxing training.
☀BACK SUPPORT:The body shaper belt is very stretchy in the right places and provides tons of support on your sides and back. Provides instant abdominal compression and lumbar support.If you have lower back issues,our waist trainers,like a compression binder around the waist to offer lumbar support,help relieve pain and improve posture.Reduces risk of Injury; Keep muscles warm, Improve posture, Stabilize spine. Provides support that helps prevent a herniated disc, Lumber muscle strain, Back pain.
To Clean: Keep your mat in the best condition by wiping it down after every practice with Amzbeauty All-Purpose Mat Wash. It’s specially formulated to clean your mat without damaging the surface or causing slippage. DO NOT soak, shower or submerge your mat
Fits Most Water Bottles: Our adjustable strap design fits nearly all water bottles and keeps them firmly in place so you can concentrate on your workout (especially fit for IceFlow, FlowState, and Adventure Quencher water bottles, Stanley 40 oz tumbler with handle, accommodating 20, 30, and 40 oz sizes).
Weather-Resistant Liner
All-natural cork yoga block
Our boxing punch bag is available in 4ft (122cm) and 5th high (with rust proof steel chains included and weighs approx. 19-23kg(5ft (152cm)), 17-20kg(4ft (122cm)). It promises a large surface area for throwing punches, kicks, elbows and more. The rust-proof heavy-duty steel chains can endure maximum weight.
Convenient maintenance: Two patches are attached in the package. If the air leaks due to improper operation during use, it is recommended that you fill with proper amount of air first, and then immerse the leaking part in water in turn. After checking the leak, mark it, dry it, and apply a patch to the leak.
【PACKING LIST & PREMIUM SERVICE】After purchase, you can get 1*Yoga Stap, 1*Carry Bag, 1*Door Anchor, 1*Instruction Manual. We also provide 24-month no question asked money back warranty with 24-hour professional service. You can buy it without doubt.
TRULY PLANET FRIENDLY - Printed using our ‘body kind’ materials, new durable, non-toxic and eco-friendly ink. PVC free, biodegradable in 1-5 years in normal landfill conditions and made using high quality non-toxic materials that keep the mat clean and hygienic.
A Better Value Overall. The cage has 12 variable height positions, each 2 inches apart. RitFit power cage allows you to not only do squat and bench press, but dead-lifts, rows, pull-ups, chin-ups, and more.
- EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO GET STARTED - New to yoga? No worries. Ewedoos Yoga Set includes all the yoga accessories you need for your yoga journey. An Eco-TPE Yoga Mat to offer you support & stability in yoga, one Printed Yoga Mat bag to free your hands on the go.
SUPER EASY INSTALL-This workout rack is easy to installed and takedown. It only takes 5 minutes to install.4xstainless steel screws ,4x universial anchors are included. The recommended installation height is 6 inches
Length: 4 1/3" (110 mm)
LONGER & WIDER: 73in /185cm x 26 in/64cm, thickness 5mm, 7lbs/3.2kg. The perfect amount of cushion.
Delivery(Please note: this only apply to orders shipped by merchant.): no worry about the delivery too late. Our standard express only need around 16 days on the shipment; The expedited delivery is available, which only cost around 8 days.
【Durable PU Ball】This boxing bag made of resilient PU leather material, Internal canvas padded. It can withstand multiple hits without deformation.
[ADJUSTABLE HEIGHT] The height of the punching ball stand is adjustable from 56.2 inches to 60.8 inches to suit personal preferences. It is perfect for growing children and adults who wants exercise, release stress or lose weight.
【TRUSTED BRAND 】 Primasole is a fitness brand established in April 2019. We have a lineups of yoga mat, Balance ball, Balance disc, Foam Roller that helps you incorporate fitness into your daily life.
NO HASSLE RETURNS & 100% MONEY BACK WARRANTY We are very confident with our product and provide lifetime customer service and 365 days replace and return, any question, our friendly customer support always stands by to make sure your satisfaction. You have no risk to try this
【EXCELLENT STRETCH WETSUIT SHORTS PANTS】2mm thickness Neoprene stretch shorts pants, a combination of the three-layer super elastic fabric provide unparalleled performance and comfort in the water, which means your legs will get more control in the water.
【EASY TO CARE】 Washable with wash machine and tumble dry on low or simply hang dry. Do not use dryer sheets, fabric softeners or detergents with fabric softene.
Widely Applications: Our wall punching bag is suitable for gym training, also good for home use and training use which can improve your fitness
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED: ONE-YEAR - hassle free warranty for our yoga mat. Please be free to contact us via Amazon Email if you have any questions or concerns
Lens width: 65 millimeters
WOOD BALANCE BOARD: Try to surf like the cool girly elephant
The dumbbells have a cut out shape for the fingers with a neoprene finish to give you a great grip
Imported
【Safe And Durable Material】kingroad Resistance bands are made from of natural material,which is strong tear-resistant, stretchy, durable and can withstand extreme tensile force. The greater the pull value, the greater the resistance you will feel.
Quick-release clip pin makes it easy to change speed bags in seconds
Tips: Pls Cold Machine wash, then tumble dry on low settings or air dry. Size Chart: Waist: XS=22.5-24.5", S=25-27", M=27.5-29.5", L=30-32", XL=32.5-34.5", XXL=35-37", XXXL=37.5-39.5"
DESIGN: The advanced printing technology makes these mats colorful and eye-catching, which add more motivation and enthusiasm to your yoga exercise. Easy to clean with either an organic mat sprays or towel and hang to dry. This printed mat won’t fade!
✅Combo includes: 1x V-Handle (Double D Handle), 1x V-Shaped Bar, 1x Straight Rotating Pull Down Bar, 2x Exercise Handles, 4x Black Carabiner Clips, Universal design fits most cable systems
Designed for repetition that creates instinctual reactions
❤【Tank Top Material】Cotton blend, soft and skin-friendly, breathable, elastic
IDEAL SIZE - Lightweight, portable, and easy to carry to gym; Standard A5 page size (6” x 8”) provides ample space to note down every detail of your workout w/ clarity; Personalized fitness journal to help you take short notes
Hours of Boxing Fun: The boxing bag is suitable for use in the office and at home. Short-term boxing exercises can help relieve your fatigue and promote physical and mental health.
Please fill the bottom with rags and put sand at the top
EXTRA MASSAGE BALL: This upgraded wobble board features a built-in massage ball for soles which can rotate 360 degrees to improve energy level and efficiently relieve stress
🔥Back Support Compression top🔥: 4 reinforced flexible steel bones on the back instantly offer you lumbar support. The sweat shaper can also improve posture by providing adequate compression for the lower back and muscles. It is the best fitness equipment for all kinds of exercises in the gym to prevent fatigue and injury during exercise.
DIMENSIONS: 72" x 32" ,Thickness: over 20mm ,made with high density TPE.And the weight reaches 7.35lb, which may not be so light, but it is absolutely the best choice for you to exercise in a fixed production place.
【Varying Resistance Levels】Resistance bands for legs has 5 different resistance levels, the darker the color, the heavier the weight,training bands for men, work out equipment at our home gym,can use these to stretch or warm up.Satisfy those who want to achieve muscle gain through simple fitness.
✔️YOUR RISK-FREE PURCHASE IS COVERED BY A 30-DAY SATISFACTION GUARANTEE - or your money back!
DURABLE PU OR LEATHER MATERIAL. To provide extreme durability and improved functionality, the Pro Impact PU or Genuine Leather Speedbag is made using 100% top-grade genuine leather to ensure it can withstand multiple beatings time and time again.
Measures 12" x 42" punching bag, can hold up to 100lbs
✅Earth-friendly TPE Material: Ewedoos eco friendly yoga mat is made of Advanced TPE material. Odorless, Healthy, Recyclable, this TPE Yoga Mat is the new standard for yoga. Compared with traditional PVC & NBR material, TPE offers better resilience with improved durability to take your yoga further.
Fully Adjustable Double End Boxing Bag: The BOXERPOINT double end punch bag can be customized to the needs of any fighter. Unlike similar speed punching bags, it boasts 2 x adjustable elastic bungee cords 105cm long, adjustable to the height of any user and ceiling.
✪【Display】The smart display displays time, calories, the count of exercise, and you can choose the scanning function to skim through all the data during your workout.
Wrap Handle for Added Support
Prevention of sports injuries: the yoga mat is soft and elastic and can effectively reduce the pain of contact between the body and the ground. It is the ideal choice for yoga practitioners. Lightweight, small in size, it can be rolled up for collection, easy to transport.
GET YOUR LOWER BODY IN THE BEST SHAPE YET! Our glutes kickback straps are perfect for all types of leg shaping and toning exercises. Get your calf muscles, quads, glutes and hamstrings looking amazing with this essential fitness accessory!
Lightweight, Perfect Size and Durable: - There’s no flaking, no stretching, or falling apart with our full-size yoga mats. Weighing in at 2 lbs, it’s perfect for travel. Most mats are either too thin or too thick. IUGA 1/4” mats are guaranteed to provide the optimal level of cushion and protection for your joints and knees while still allowing you to grip the floor for balance poses.
Iron base to increase the stability of the base, reduce space.
Effective training gluteus maximus, gluteus medius, latissimus dorsi, posterior deltoid
Easy to Set Up: Just add water or sand to the base, inflate the bag, and finish the assembly of the bracket to the base, you will own a speed bag.
Adjustable Height: The height can be adjusted from 57 to 70 inches, and the rotating button can be adjusted to a suitable height according to your needs
Punching bag kit includes leather bag gloves with padded palm grip
Tough nylon lining for more duration
HIGH-QUALITY CONSTRUCTION. A heavy-duty latex bladder prevents loss of air even after being repeatedly punched. Additionally, triple reinforced seams are welted to increase the bag’s integrity while making sure it doesn’t affect the direction of the bag if you strike it.
【NON-SLIP SURFACE】The surface suede material has excellent non-slip and hygroscopic properties, and can quickly absorb sweat to ensure safety and hygiene. The non-slip natural rubber bottom is durable and can be pulled, high temperature, can prevent the mat from sliding on the floor, and provide sufficient cushioning, thus Greatly improve your yoga effect.
【Energy Releasing Punch Bags】 A fun way to keep your kids away from video games and screens. This is the best way for hyperactive kids to burn off pent-up energy from sitting too long. Keep time for interaction with your child.
【Customer Care】We are dedicated to provide premium products for you. If there any issue with it, don't hesitate to contact us, and we will response and solve it within 24 hours.
NEW ECO FRIENDLY MATERIAL: HPE material non-slip yoga mat surface pilates yoga gym sports yoga mat,a newly developed and patented material that is hypoallergenic, 100% PVC free and contains no latex, rubber or toxins. HPE offers the latest technological improvement over traditional yoga mats.
Sold as unfilled bag but can be filled up to 50 kg+
Double-sided Anti-slip Design: The absorbent suede surface and wave textured bottom increase the skid resistance, traction on any floor, and grip and stability for your body, keeping your yoga journey safe without worrying about the mat sliding
Glow in the Dark:this light up baseballs are made of leather material,they will absorb sunlight and other regular light during the day, and glow green light in the dark,compared with other LED baseballs, they will save more resources,To get a better and continuous glowing effect, please put the ball under the stronger sunlight or room lights for a longer time
Bag arrives filled
PERFORMANCE: PROLAST heavy duty punching bags are designed for extreme training and workouts.
✔BEST SOFT NEOPRENE FABRIC MAKES YOU SWEAT LIKE CRAZY - 4.0mm thickness Neoprene with excellent heat retention, The Waist Trimmer increases your core temperature during exercise to help you sweat harder and cut excess water weight in your waist & belly. Our Mermaid's Mystery belly band works effectively if you use it during your work out and do it regularly. The waist sweat band with Grid surface on the inside prevents slipping and moving during any activity.
SPECS – Weight capacity is 300 LB; ASTM compliant; Dimensions are 12.2” length x 5.12” width x 2.44” height; Includes 30-day manufacturer warranty
PEAR-SHAPED SPEEDBAG: This boxer ball is great for everyday punching and kicking training, MMA and Muay Thai, as well as other Martial Arts. Great for athletes to enhance reflexes, quickness and coordination of their eyes. The pear form allows you to get exact stitches and nice rebounds without disturbing your rhythm.
stretching positions more accurately and stretch your muscles correctly and safely. Besides, you can also increase and decrease the strength and tightness of your pull to adjust to your desired level of difficulty. With the door anchor, you can do more exercise to stretch your body.
Where we started? It all started with an idea to build a superior T-shirt
❀ Good stability, thick bottom, foldable, easy to move
Boxing sandbags can be applied to various grounds such as concrete floor, ceramic tile, wooden floor, carpet, etc., with strong stability and will not affect the ground.
✅ [Premium Quality]: Our 6MM PVC Padded Yoga Mat Non Slip makes it a durable and long-lasting during exercising platform available in multiple colours
HIGH QUALITY AND PRACTICAL: made of selected coral velvet fabric, dish towels are lint free and non-stick oil, which can be used to wash and dry dishes.
☀【Optimum Thickness】6mm in thickness offers the most comfortable experience for all level yogis. Most mats are either too thin or too thick. This TPE yoga mats are guaranteed to provide the optimal level of cushion and protection for your joints and knees while still allowing you to grip the floor for balance.
Excellent slip resistance
boxing bar
Useful for most exercise like yoga, pilates, ashtanga, bikram, vinyasa and balance exercise. Exceptional resilience and superior grip allows you to keep your balance and stability in any exercises
This Weighted Soft Cozy Blanket Keeps You Warm, It Is Suitable For Watching Movie on The Bed Sofa Couch.
Size: 12.6" x12.6" (32x32cm)
HEAVY DUTY CONSTRUCTION | Durable PVC-enhanced fabric weight bag can withstand brute force.
Eco-conscious alternative to PVC
REINVENT THE WHEEL | At 10 pounds, The Power Ring is the perfect prop. Press, hold, swing and squat to increase strength, agility, endurance and balance.
【Pre-Filled & Replaceable Stuffing】Coming filled already, GYMAX kids punching bag leaves you no worries about finding suitable fillings. Moreover, the stuffing can be change easily with top zip, and stuffing like cloth, sand, saw dust or other material available to you will work (max stuffing weight 44 lbs).
[Much Cooler]: These grip workout gloves only cover half of your hands and fingers, add zero bulk and allows the palms to breathe to prevent hands getting too hot. Perfect choice for people who don’t want gloves but need protection to avoid calluses
[Health and Fitness] Standing Boxing Speed Reflex Bag can not only exercise arm muscles but also lose weight, and release the tension after a whole day of work. Through long-term training to help you shape the perfect line.
🍄 EASIER TO CLEAN & IDEAL SIZE: It’s okay to get lazy! Cleaning this exercise mat is more than easy - just wipe it with soap water, and rinse under water. Occasional washing will help it remain immaculate, as though you bought it yesterday!
mens sweatshirt halloween sweatshirt vintage sweatshirt anime sweatshirt hoodies for men men's fashion hoodies & sweatshirts hoodies for men with designs anime hoodies for men mens hoodies pullover zip up hoodies graphic hoodies for men oversized hoodies men's novelty hoodies white hoodies for men cool hoodies for men funny hoodies couple hoodies plus size hoodies sweatshirt for men hoodies mens hoodies pullover clearance christmas hoodies for men cheap hoodies 3d hoodies men
UNISEX DESIGN & MULTI-PURPOSE TRAINING: RYMNT wrist wrap support gloves for men and women are available in 3 sizes, With above advantages, RYMNT workout gloves can be used for weighted gym training like weight lifting, Crossfit, dumbbells, Kettlebells, battling rope, pull up, also other exercises like cycling, rowing, calisthenics.
BUILT TO LAST - Heavy-Duty 100-gsm paper designed to withstand punishment on the gym floor and sweaty gym bag; Double wire binding spirals for long-lasting durability; Perfect gift for gym enthusiasts
Best for Small Spaces - The smaller design of wall-mounted punching bag is perfect for those who have limited space for workout equipment. It is an excellent pick for beginners as well as those who have used punching bags at the gym but want their own set-up at home.
This product is a fitness hit sandbag, made of environmentally friendly PVC material, safe and non-toxic.
4 PIECE BAG SET OFFERS 1 x Pair of RDX Punch Bag Gloves, 1 x Wall Bracket, 1 x Steel chains, 1 x RDX G-Core twinned layer non tear filled Punch bag 5ft (152cm) or 4ft (122cm).
If for whatever reason you are not satisfied , we will refund or replace your abdominal trainer exercise equipment mat promptly
Breathable Fabric Material: EVA latex sponge, Shinestone goalkeeper armor is used with 24 high-density fully combed polyester, breathable and skin-friendly, soft and comfortable, wicking and dry, durable and stable
【Space Saving】Height: 100cm/ 39.4 inch; Hanging rod length: 22cm/ 8.7 inch. Our 6-sectional iron holder can hold up to 20cm/ 8-inch diameter foam & yoga roller.
Shoulder belt: shoulder cotton layer protects the shoulder from hurting and pain during the exercise; the D-shape strengthened button can bear 500kg pressure, ensuring the safety of exercise. High quality pp belts are compact and strong, not easy to break, smooth and easy to use.
Rapid Reflex Spinning Bar - With precision bearings, the 360° punching bar achieves free rotation for punching, defending and dodging movements, helping you develop boxing agility and speed skills. Length of the rotating bar: 65cm/25.5''.
Spandex, Cotton, Microfiber
Build strength, tone and condition your body with a muscle building aerobic workout, training and the right fitness gym equipment
How to choose: There are a lot of theme style women's toe socks, there is always a style or color socks suitable for you, in addition, we set a discount, if you order 2 pairs or more socks, you will get a discount.
100% Polyester
Lens width: 3 inches
UPGRADED ANTI-SKID DESIGN: This new TPE yoga mat has been upgraded with a non-slip texture for yoga, which requires anti-slip performance. Double layer structure coupled with a non-slip textured surface provides optimal grip without sacrificing comfort. This makes it suitable for many forms of Yoga.
Weighted for stability and bounce back action Graphics front and back
【Mat Dimensions】72 inches long, 24 inches wide and 0.6cm thickness, With a great soft finish.
AVOID INJURY & FEEL CONFIDENT LIFTING HEAVIER! - Try yours: These wrist protectors are made of high-quality cotton and elastic that will contour around your wrists, securing them in a neutral position, and improving your form. This will significantly reduce tension on your wrist joints allowing you to feel more confident, so you can train harder & execute more efficiently.
AS SEEN ON SHARK TANK | Experience Bala yourself and add some style to your next workout.
DURABLE, fast-rebound spring will help you develop razor sharp punching accuracy, slipping, weaving, footwork and defense!
EASILY ADJUST HEIGHT setting from 4'11 inches all the way up to nearly 6' tall! This boxing bag is perfect for practically every size youth/adolescent to adult athlete.
Durable leather construction
PERFECT GIFT - This game is the perfect gift for any Marvel fan! Filled with interesting facts and trivia about the Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, and more. Marvel fans are sure to have a super fun time!
𝗜𝗡𝗝𝗨𝗥𝗬 𝗥𝗘𝗛𝗔𝗕𝗜𝗟𝗜𝗧𝗔𝗧𝗜𝗢𝗡 — Using this FitBeast hand grips to work out every day is beneficial to recover in hand injury, rheumatoid arthritis, arthritis, carpal tunnel, tendovaginitis, fractured, broken wrist, and tendon surgery.
Sports & Fitness - Our Jump ropes are perfect for Fitness Workouts, Warm-up exercises, Aerobic training, Skipping, MMA, Boxing, Speed training and Endurance training, while help you build up your muscle tension, improve cardio endurance and physical vitality, burn fat, Bring you a healthy life.
Lens width: 58 millimeters
Steel, Foam, Vinyl
NATURAL: Responsibly crafted in an emission-free facility. OEKO-TEX certified, meaning it's 100% safe for you, your kids, and pets. Help curb the amount of PVC mats that enter landfills every year and reduce overall mat consumption.
SIZE: All-purpose yoga mats are for men, women and kids. At 72"L x 26.8"W x 2mm Thick,1100g/2.4lb, it's great for Pilates or aerobics, outdoor activities like camping or fishing
[Comfortable Fit]: These gym gloves for women slip on very easily and with the tabs are easy to remove, material is lightweight and skin friendly to ensure hands remain comfortable during your entire workout
NOTE: Pls fill the bag with corn cob,rice husk,beans,sand,wood shavings etc. pls fill 80% of the bag's capacity, full filling may cause crack problem.
【100 % SATISFACTION】 We believe in quality of product and satisfaction of our customer is our top priority. We bet you will not find such a top-quality freestanding punching bag at this price.
UNFILLED: The sandbag is empty, can put things like rag, saw dust, sand, beans in it. After padded, the sandbag can absorb shock to decrease the impacts and protect your bones
CONSTRUCTION: Crafted with a super-strong water-repellent canvas backed synthetic leather cover for professional use. Packed with a high density shredded poly-fiber material that is ideal for absorbing every strike in the arsenal. Durable seat belt nylon straps with triple stitched D-ring tabs alleviate chains and excess noise. Balanced weighting system helps keep bag true and dependable during extended training.
Highest quality material
✅ Waterproof and high-quality fabric with long lifetime : This portable prayer mat is meticulously crafted using top-of-the-line materials, including a waterproof fabric that ensures long-lasting durability. No matter where your journey takes you, this prayer mat is designed to withstand the rigors of travel and daily use, providing you with a reliable praying surface in any weather condition. The high-quality fabric not only enhances the mat's lifespan but also makes it easy to clean.
【Stable base, small shaking】The boxing speed ball base uses 8 powerful suction cups, which can suck the ground firmly without damaging the floor. The base can be filled with water or sand, suitable for any flat ground, safe and stable.
✅ Use it at Work, School or Travel. Anyplace and anywhere! : The versatility of The Pocket Sejadah knows no bounds. It is not just limited to travel but can be utilized in various settings, including your workplace, school, or any other public space. With its innovative design, you can now have your personal prayer mat always at hand without the need to carry a separate bag. Simply fold and unfold The Pocket Sejadah in a matter of seconds, providing comfortable prayer surface when you need it.
Polymer,spandex
【ALL MARTIAL-ART SPORT】DAAN MMA punching bag bounce back can be used for various kinds of sports training such as MMA, Boxing, BJJ, Karate, Kickboxing, Muay Thai.
AVAILABILE IN MULTIPLE COLORS AND PATTERNS: Allowing you to match your mat to your mood
【Sturdy Construction】Crafted from high strength iron, high temperature resistance, wear resistance. Clear Valuable Floor Space In Fitness Studio Or Home Gym.
💪【Widely Used】Suitable for any sports venues such as home, training room, gym. Suitable for children 6 years of age and older or adults.More Thickness, More Target, More weight.Can be used in house and outside.
★【Features】--Stretch yoga pants are designed with high waist,tummy control wide waistband to provide a smooth secure fit ,it enhance your curves, provides a complete coverage for your body (no worrying about belly rolls or a underwear show).it’s your best choice for sports and exercise!
35%Rayon+65%polyester
Aquatic Fitness Mat for fitness on the go
★ Travel yoga mat; Bring to the studio or stay at home; The easy strapping system and lightweight feature allows less time and effort to roll and carry with you wherever you want to go; Enjoy the serenity of indoor yoga or reconnect with nature through outdoor yoga; Ideal for any setting
Junior is soft to land on but still gives the feeling of a live partner
With double sided non-slip surfaces, Both mats come with an excellent slip resistant advantage to prevent injuries. Moisture resistant Technology makes the mat to be easily washed with soap and water
APPLICABLE FOR ALL-AGE USERS & DIVERSE OCCASIONS-improve people's flexibility, strength, balance, posture, cardiopulmonary function. For women, long-term use can effectively make your posture, shape perfect curves. For the elderly, it is effective to exercise the spine.9-inch Mini yoga ball is a very practical ball, compact and portable, you can take it to the gym/travel/training at will.
A method by which healthy children excrete excessive energy. You might get tired of storing and cleaning up things your kids have messed up. They are energetic and never tired to keep their bodies clean.
Reliable: Restrial Life inversion bench has sold over 10,000 pieces worldwide with 95% 4&5-star reviews. If you have any questions about the yoga inversion chair, please feel free to contact us and we will get back to you within 24 hours
Made in Taiwan
● The sandbag is empty, can put dishcloth, sawdust, sand, beans, etc. Once filled, the sandbag absorbs the impact, reducing it and protecting the bones.
Material wicks sweat & dries really fast
EXTRA EXTRA WIDE: at 39 inches (100cm) this mat meets the needs of bigger, stronger more powerful yogi's.
❤Material: This necklace is made of Stainless Steel; this jewelry is very friendly for skin,no rust, no fading and can be worn all day long.
velcro closure
Product 2: High-density foam roller with molded edges
Includes a printed building guide and Instructions PLUS – part of the free LEGO Building Instructions app for smart devices
Bag weighs 100lbs.
★Ergonomic shape: Designed by professional sports trainers, our yoga knee pad and fitness pad has a concave center to perfectly accommodate your knees, elbows, hands and head while maintaining balance and stability
Easy To Use - The Punching Bag with Stand will come in 2 boxes, just take all parts out and assemble(Sand is not included in parcels) , Do Not Need to drill your wall or ceiling. Any problem with the product, contact Dripex at any time to get a fast and tailor-made solution
🍁【Advantage 】 Best feature... the softness and Lightweight of the material, The sweater is warm but not too hot,The softest and comfortable material feels like a blanket
Tight Hemming: The uniform and tight hemming seam provides good wrapping and firmness, as a weighted exercise glove, the firm seam will directly affect the durability, with the tight seam, prolong the service life of weighted gloves.
Great gift idea.
【Eco-friendly Material】 This Yoga mats is made of newest premium TPE material, eco-friendly and recyclable. Absolutely healthy and non-toxic. Compared with traditional yoga mats made of non-green PVC, NBR and EVA materials, this pilates mat is softer, lighter and has better elasticity.
BODY EXERCISING:Perfect for developing hand and foot technique and building nice body
Multi-function: With a plurality of different directions hitting points, which can help you practice straight punching, uppercuts, jump lunges, kicks, knee fights and body shots.
Applicable people: bodybuilders, sports people, student tribes, corporate white-collar workers, gamers addicted, work suppressors, and strong people.
Made of heavy duty polyester coated vinyl material, this material is more durable than genuine leather.
UA Tech fabric is quick-drying, ultra-soft & has a more natural feel
【Free height adjustment】The height of the boxing ball can be adjusted freely by selecting the adjustment valve to suit people of different heights. Adjustable speed up and down, the lower the height, the faster the bullet speed.
SIZE: At 19"/50CM x 9"/23CM, it's the perfect Wood Balance Board for Toddlers and kids all ages
Decompress joints and increase blood flow to reduce recovery times and achieve greater strength gains
💗【Ideal for All Levels Yoga Enthusiast】A unisex fitness mat built for yoga, pilates and general ground exercise, ideal for both beginners & advanced yoga practitioners
🍁Please Refer to the WEESO Size Chart before Ordering(NOT AMAZON SIZE). Any other questions, please contact us freely!
Under Armour’s mission is to make all athletes better through passion, design and the relentless pursuit of innovation
[Safer, Softer and Lighter] - Our reflex balls are made of premium quality foam, it is much lighter and softer than other boxing balls in the market. So it is gloves-free, and everyone can enjoy it without any worries about hitting yourself in the faces, eyes, noses, and fists as well, it's much safer!
Easy Installation & Portable Design: The punching set comes with complete accessories, so you can easily install the punching bag to ceiling, wall bracket or sand bag rack. Furthermore, the storage bag allows you or your little one to carry the whole punching set on the back for easy transport.
GRIPPY NON SLIP TEXTURE - Keeps you from sliding and slipping during yoga and other floor activities with increased traction for stronger and more rooted poses. This will help you stay in place no matter how sweaty or intense your training movements can be.
7 COLOR CHANGING 3D NIGHT LAMP-red, green, blue, yellow, cyan, purple, white, color changing. can fixed one color or 7 color gradual changing.
❤ All Purpose Workout Mat: Our mutil-purpose yoga mat is suitable for different level yogis or yoga lovers do some practice on the mat. What’s more, you can use it as a cushion when you play with your children together. Also can be used it as a pad during travel or camping in outdoor activicities.
QUICK AND EASY INSTALLATION: Yes4All King stud Chin Up Bar comes with full instructions and all mounting hardware so that you can get it usable almost as soon as it’s delivered to your home
Our strike shield features martial arts protective gear which helps to absorb and disperse impact from strong shots so that neither you nor the pad holder has to withstand that impact. It is made to withstand the hardest and heaviest of shots.
NOTE: If you have any questions, please contact us in time, we will give you the most satisfactory answer within 24 hours.
hoodies for men crop hoodies for men pullover hoodies for men with designs plus size crop hoodies for men workout zip hoodies for men lightweight zip hoodies for men oversized hoodies for men zip up with designs hoodies for men graphic funny hoodies for men pullover cropped long sleeve yoga tops for men loose fit cotton long sleeve tops men's wrap front tie back deep v neck long sleeve crop tops plus size 3/4 sleeves long sleeve cotton tunic tops for men
📌WEIGHT LOSS & FULL BODY WORKOUT – Millions of Americans are using Eilison full body vibration plate exercise machine in their daily routine to lose weight , The strong vibration stimulate your muscle from your feet all the way up to your head and force fast strenuous contraction of muscle fiber all over the body, this helps provide a workout that can burn fat, boost balance and tone muscle all at once to help you get fit fast by our power plate exercise equipment for home use.
★MULTI-USE PAD. You can use it during your exercise for kneeling, stretching, meditation and also as a knee pad during gardening, bathing your kids, or as a seat pad.
👉【MULTIFUNCTIONAL LCD DISPLAY】The LCD display clearly shows time, speed, distance and calories, monitoring your progress in real time and keeping your movement data at a glance.Handrails have speed +/-, start/stop and heart inductor.
ULITIMATE WARRIOR: Hit the bullseye with the Whoobli Target blow up punching bag for kids! At 47 inches tall, this kids & toddler punching bag is a challenging fighter that shows its sweet spots and always bounces back for more!
RACKETS: 2 S600 Speedminton speed badminton rackets made of hardened aluminum in a practical bag.
SIMPLE, LOW IMPACT BUT EFFECTIVE TO STRENGTHEN YOUR CORE- Since your hands or feet remain in constant contact with the surface that is reating a low impact, yet highly effective exercise, especially for your core! Your Choice core sliders allow you to perform exercises that target every muscle group to tone your body, improves balance force and tightening your core. Try gliding your way to a stronger, sexier physique
Using 4 way Stretch & Non See-through Fabric. Elastic waistband for a snug, comfortable fit, these Baleaf Women's Ankle Legging Athletic Yoga Pants with flat seams help reduce irritation caused by chafing
💪【Suitable For Any Fitness Level】- The resistance band set is the perfect equipment for muscle training and fat burning. Not only practicing squats, push-ups, leg raises, planks, and strengthening triceps are very effective, but also help you to increase coordination, stamina, flexibility. The ankle straps can better strengthen the leg muscles. For women who want to stay in shape,it can also help train the hips, shape the perfect chest and abdominal muscles, and show a charming body curve.
MULTI-PURPOSE STORAGE RACK: The sports equipment storage rack is suitable for many occasions, such as game rooms, garages, basements, gyms and schools. It can ensure the tidy and orderly storage of sports equipment
Surface texture makes steadfast on hard flooring and it is not easy to be
[Wide range of use]Our wall-mounted boxing plates are versatile and ideal for boxing enthusiasts, bodybuilders, fat loss and shaping, work and life stress relief, as well as boxing matches and home boxing.
4.Package:1-piece, mutliple pockets and safe zipper.
[Perfect Yoga Practice Thickness]: 0.4mm thick foam can reduce fatigue and prevent injuries during exercise. The high-density microfiber material is very suitable for yoga. It is safer and softer than traditional non-green materials and EVA yoga mats. Can be better connected to the floor, can bear weight without tearing. Highly durable, with excellent balance and stability during stretching, suitable for various forms of yoga and fitness.
Removable and washable cover
【Stress Relief】Suitable for boxers to practice the time and speed of swimming, jabs, hooks, crosses and defensive movements, it is also suitable for warm-up and reinforcement training for athletes of all fitness levels, such as jumping, kicking and toe faucets.
Double Professional Protection: Equipped with a pair of 8 oz punching gloves and 95” hand wraps, the punching bag set well protects kid’s hands from wrist sprain, knuckle abrasion and other hurts. Additionally, the ventilating holes ensure high breathability. And the long strap with hook and loop fastener makes the gloves easy to wear.
Made in the USA
TOP QUALITY, DURABLE AND LONG LASTING Made of high quality 100% natural latex rubber 99% free of soluble protein; Manufactured using a special layering method to ensure durability
WORK OUT ANYWHERE - You can practice your skills or do your daily workout anytime, anywhere. Feature with lightweight and portable, perfect for workouts at home, in the gym, at school, on the beach, in the park, at work when you take a break, and even on vacation.
【Easy to Use】: You can easily put it anywhere (place) and carry it with you, for example, the cooling towel can be hung in a bag. Soak the cold towel, press the excess water, and then use it several times. By repeatedly modifying these measures, the effect is cooled. Machine washable for easy cleaning.
Traditional red and black design with Ringside logos
🥊【Unfilled Punching Bag】Please fill it with sawdust, sand, old cloth, rag, sponge,cereal, etc.If you are worried about the light weight,you can use a separate bag to puta part of the sand in the middle,and old cloth around.Please don’t only install sand, the filling preferably no more than 100 pounds.
Punching bag is filled to 100 pounds and measures 13-inch x 72-inch with quietly nylon webbing instead of chains
✅ [Top Notch Foam Manufacturing]: Anti Tear Non Slip Yoga mat helps practitioners to keep their hold strong on the surface due to its anti slipping nature and helps to maintain your balance and have the right posture
TOP QUALITY MATERIAL - Our exercise ball proudly stands itself out among the products of the same class. It is strictly weight tested and can resist up to 330 lbs. The strong material is nicely made with non toxic PVC material, thus free of BPA & heavy metals.
Weight: Approximately 55 lbs.
BUDGET FRIENDLY, WORKOUT ANYWHERE & ANYTIME - Set of 2 fitness sliders and come with small travel bag, easy to carry and store. Without the expensive fitness equipment and a lot of space allows you do total-body workout at home, gym, work or travel. Your active healthy lifestyle will be protect from limit time or place. This is also a great gift for anyone!
Soft Iron Filled Gloves: Using more advanced soft iron filling, instead of the traditional sandbag as the weight, it solves the problem of sand leakage and unevenness after long-term use of the weighted gloves.
FOR THE BEST RESULTS: Break a better sweat when you use our Sweet Sweat gel stick with our Sweet Sweat Waist Trimmer, and get ready to maximize your workout and enhance your sweat
[Powerful Suction Cup] Stable independent base, with 6 powerful suction cups, stronger stability can keep the boxing ball in place and not move easily. If you use the suction cup, you need to use it on a clean and flat tile or floor
【Durable Box Punching Bag】 Tough, high-density foam filled with durable faux leather cover, don't need to inflate it, nor worry it will leak. This Boxing Punching Bag can stand up to a beating, and you can adjust the height to make your punching even more efficient.
It can endure weight approx. 4ft (122cm) Pre-filled Punch bag, Approx. 18 - 20 KG (39 – 44 LB) (Maximum Filling Capacity 40-50 KG (88 – 110 LB)) 5ft (152cm) Pre-filled Punch bag, Approx. 20 - 22 KG (44 – 48 LB) (Maximum Filling Capacity 50 - 60 KG (110 – 132 LB))
[Comfortable Design] The handle levers are equipped with 2 rolls of foam and if you do not like it, you can remove the foam on the stainless bar and workout directly. But, the 360-degree rotating grips will keep your workout sessions more comfortable.
Middle: 100% organic cotton rather than traditional polyester.
Self fabric drawcord
Full 10 Year Limited Warranty - MADE IN THE USA! - with Free Online Instructional VIDEO - Using your own body weight let the faom roller do a MyoFascial release to provide Maximum Relaxation Relief. Deep Tissue Foam Roller Massage. Foam Roller for Back. Leg Roller. Exercise Roller
Triple Stitched and High quality seat belt heavy-duty straps for D-ring support
**There may be small imperfections as is the nature with genuine leather products**
STRATEGIZE YOUR WAY TO VICTORY - Use Clue Cards and Bonus Questions to win more cards. First one to win 7 cards wins the game!
👊【FOUR SPRING STRONG SHOCK ABSORPTION】- Our boxing punching bags base using double beef tendon four spring and 12 powerful suction cups,can 360° Cushioning Shock Absorption,firm suction power and does not damage the floor. The base can be filled with sand, suitable for any flat ground, safe and stable.
100-Percent recyclable
【New Eco Friendly Material 】Made of high-quality TPE and soft suede composite,SGS certified.Odor-less and excellent in cushioning ,environmental protection and beautiful,healthy.
Smooth Surface: Made of durable and easy-to-clean PU leather, reinforced seams can prolong the service life. Each speed bag has smooth surface to ensure operation and quick and accurate response to blows.
TRUSTED BY THE PROFESSIONALS: An official sponsor of UFC, Sweet Sweat gels are fighter-approved and is the workout enhancer of choice for athletes who want to maximize their workouts
RACERBACK DESIGN: Straps create stabilizing tension, helping to minimize bounce during multidirectional movement. The sports bras' racerback straps allow for a full range of motion.
Spinlock collars made of robust and durable material, strong and durable
Easy to Install: Our wall mount boxing pad has 4 holes for fixing on wall, which is easy to install and convenient to use
SUPPORT YOUR WRISTS & LIFT MORE WEIGHT OR YOUR MONEY BACK! - If you don’t love your wrist wraps, just return them. This high-performance heavy-duty elastic wrist brace is built to help weightlifters; powerlifters & bodybuilders add big weight to their core lifts. Try them risk-free.
ALLOW FULL DEXTERITY and HANDS BREATHE: The air vents and terry cloth help hands breathe. Made of premium and breathable elastic fabric without being bulky, allow for free motion while avoiding sweaty and smelly hands
Guaranteed purchase - We stand behind our products. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, please contact us for a replacement or full refund.
Quality Guarantee: We make premium quality products for the best athletes in the world, and we guarantee our products 100%. Within the 1 year warranty, we will refund, repair and /or replace parts or products that are defective in materials or workmanship.
CONVENIENT - The reflex trainer can be easily mounted on the wall, making it perfect for home or commercial gym use. It is portable and can be taken down for storage when not in use.
INTEGRATED PADS - This sliding short is designed with integrated pads to provide a level of bruise protection when sliding.
STICKY NON-SLIP TEXTURE: Unique Textures design for Anti-skid .Yoga mat double-sided sticky non-slip texture provides excellent traction and superior grip, best suitable to practice many forms of yoga. Non slip on wood floor, tile floor, cement floor.These mats are good for Yoga, Gymnastics, Dance, Sports etc.,
Elite Features: Grabbing the handles of the Boxer 3.0, you instantly feel the detailed craftsmanship of this exercise jump rope. Ergonomically designed handles, non-slip grip, and smooth spin bearings are just the start of what gives this fitness jump rope a luxury design & feel.
Water Proof, Great for swimming, scuba diving and all kinds of water sports and exercises
Soft and comfortable 5-LB weights to put on around your ankles and wrists for exercise
【Eco Material】This yoga mat is made of high-quality eco friendly natural rubber and microfibers, which is waterproof and does not contain PVC, toxic plasticizers and harmful dyes.
Rebounds and rapid recoiling
Made of steel
Womens renaissance dress womens renaissance dress halloween party dress cosplay dress wedding guest dress formal party dress church dresses vintage gothic dresses for women vintage gothic dress plus size vintage gothic dresses for women red gothic dress gothic dresses for women gothic dresses for women plus size gothic dress with bell sleeves victorian gothic dresses for women vintage garden party dress pinup dresses women medieval renaissance costume dress
Protect your equipment and flooring with bumper plates  - Using bumper plates allows you to protect your barbell and your floor from damage. Why risk it? Buy a pair of SF bumper plates today!
DURABLE CONSTRUCTION – Made with a double-dipping process ensures these heavy duty, high performance latex tube bands prevent breaking and overstretching with normal use.
TAKE YOUR HOOK GRIPS TO THE NEXT LEVEL---Lightweight, affordable, thumb sleeves & finger protection for Weightlifters, Cross Trainers, Gymnasts, and any fitness enthusiast who uses a pull-up rig, barbell, or kettlebell. PURCHASE WITH CONFIDENCE
✓ Universal multipurpose heavy Boxing bag hanger,,✓ ★★★★ ✓ Universal multipurpose heavy Boxing bag hanger ✓ ★★★★ ✓ 60 inch long strap to fit any size beam ( bag chains not included)
👊LET OFF STEAM AND AVOID THE TANTRUM - Punch, hit and kick! Not only is this a great way for the kids to get their exercise but they get to take out their frustrations in a safe and protected environment before the tantrum explodes. Perfect for kids with ADHD, or other causes of extreme frustration.
- SPECIALIZED ATHLEISURE BRAND - Customer Satisfaction is our top priority. If you have any problem with your yoga matt, please feel free to contact us and we’ll offer you a satisfying solution. NO MORE HESITATE, just add this yoga set to your shopping cart and BUY IT NOW!
【Service】When you receive the package, if have any problems (the package is damaged/ the accessories are lost/the product is dirty, etc), please feel free to contact us by Amazon message.
The original and authentic Bodyblade created by physical therapist Bruce Hymanson.
Ships Filled. Proudly Made in the USA Heavy Bags
[Display punching power value]Boxing pad training mode displays five values: punching power per punch / average punching power/number of punches / highest recorded / punching frequency. Punch mode displays only the power of each punch. It is suitable for recording the effect of punching in Taekwondo, Karate, adult fighting training, and children's boxing training.
𝐒𝐔𝐒𝐓𝐀𝐈𝐍𝐀𝐁𝐋𝐄 𝐀𝐍𝐃 𝐄𝐗𝐓𝐑𝐀 𝐋𝐀𝐑𝐆𝐄 𝐒𝐈𝐙𝐄: Our yoga mat non slip gives you the space to fully extend your body without coming off the mat. Our cork floor mat features a non-slip texture that grips for extra traction as you move on it. You can safely do any pose and not worry about the mat slipping out from under you. The yoga mat thick and has a large size of 24" x 72". Using the cork mats yoga, you can stretch and move without worrying about hitting the floor.
COMPACT & PORTABLE: The adjustable, convenient, and compact dumbbells provide innovative strength training for an easy-to-use solution. Bring the workout with you anywhere.
Yoga Mat Organizer: Hanging your yoga mats, gym mats, yoga blocks, yoga towel, yoga strap, jump rope on the yoga mat holder. It is a great way to store your yoga accessories.
💃Color: You can find dresses of various colors in our shop. Such as: red dresses, yellow dresses, blue dresses, sequin dress, pink dress, black prom dresses, white dress, green dress
Rubber back
Easy, easy to use: It can be placed everywhere, without the need to deliberately, the living room and bedroom can be placed, and it can be used very conveniently and save space when it is moved out.
【Multifunctional Home Gym Organizer】This foam roller wall holder offers you a decorative way to display your gym equipment . You can clip your fitness photos to the yoga stand and hang some decorative lights on it to add colorful your gym and bring a happy mood to your fitness.
HIGH WEIGHT CAPACITY: Our chin up bar can support up to an astounding 300lbs of weight, ensuring peak performance for a long time even after heavy long time usage
97%Polyester and 3%Spandex
✅ [Exercise Workout Mats for Home Gym]: Xn8 Yoga Mat is used for multipurpose both at your home and gym. Most suitable for all stretching and strengthening exercises, including gymnastics, yoga, aerobics and more
100% NATURAL LATEX: Tikaton resistance bands are made of 100% natural latex material, which is highly elastic, wear-resistant, highly extensible, and can withstand extreme tension. The higher the pull value, the more resistance you will feel. You don't have to worry about resistance bands tearing during training, our resistance bands have been tested to remain elastic even after repeated stretches.
MADE OF ECO FRIENDLY TPE MATERIAL – TPE is a synthetic material that combines the characteristics of rubber with the recyclability advantages of plastics into one. It is durable and eco-friendly - a great choice for people who care about the planet.
📌PAIN RELIEF, MORE BONE DENSITY & BODY FLEXIBILITY – Eilison vibration plate exercise machine for home is the only machine which works on the reflexology through which we put pressure on specific reflex point on foot, this treatment induce a healing response and helps alleviate many ailment and relieve pain from the core, this power plate also helps increasing bone density improve muscle strength, improves lymphatic drainage and flexibility in body
【Nonskid Design】Honeycomb construction design on the surface has higher safety and anti-skid performance, prevents slipping effectively. Each riser with rubber feet to prevent the sliding and scratching floors during exercise. so you don't have to worry about where you may have misplaced the "legs" and the sit right under the base and attach to it.
Zipper seal, convenient and safe. The metal chain is sturdy and heavy duty, you can hang it wall or other tough item.
✔【Fit for most height】: Tackle your next training session with the our Freestanding Punching Bag, the bag height can be easily adjusted to meet any demand, adjusts from about 47.2” to 59” high for every size athlete from youth to super heavyweight.
Widely Use - Perfect speed bag for boxing, It is suitable for men and women, teenagers or children, and even boxing coaches. You don't have to be a professional boxer to use Combat Ball! Everyone can use it to train, entertain or release power.
EASILY RELEASE YOUR STRESS! Whether you are a beginner or a master, the punching bag helps you release your stress without the fear of hurting yourself. The unique heavy bag is extremely stable and can easily bear repeated punches without swaying. Besides, the heavy-duty nylon straps and D-rings are specifically used for ensuring your safety and security while you are busy releasing your stress.
❖ Advantages Among All: Bigger SIZE of acrylic plate and lamp base than 90% other 3D lamps / top quality of the circuit board / Optimize detailed and 3D pattern design / LED light is soft and uniform, no dazzling, non-flicker, and dimmable, harmless to children's eyes.
Size:72inx24inx6mm, thick yoga mat with an excellent slip resistant advantage to prevent injuries.
PACKAGING: Ships inside a heavy-duty canvas sleeve.
Specialty double-end punching bag with bottom d-ring attaches to floor for quick rebounds, great product for practicing uppercuts and hooks.
Easy to Use: The Ab Roller can be assembled or disassembled within minutes.Due to this feature, the machine not only can be used in the home gym office indoors but also can be use outdoor for sports or game competition
speed punch ball bag
FOUR LEVELS OF FITNESS: 5 set resistance bands for all your training needs. You know that different exercise areas require different strength bands, different training styles require different strength bands, and as you get stronger, you need to increase your resistance to accommodate your new strength. So you need 5 sets of resistance bands instead of 1 set.
【High-quality boxing accessories】:The surface of the boxing ball is made of high-density PVC leather and High resilience rubber ball-layer protection measures, which can prevent bursting and effectively improve the ability to hit the ball.
Ideal training bag for home or gym use.
🧊 NOTHING COMPARES to the QUALITY & UNIQUE DESIGN of the Shashibo, durably constructed of PREMIUM injection-mold plastic, 36 RARE EARTH MAGNETS, and a TEAR-PROOF, matte or high-gloss surface. Each magnetic puzzle features 4 UNIQUE, ARTISTIC PATTERNS of vibrant, MESMERIZING ARTWORK, for an ever-changing array of BEAUTY AT YOUR FINGERTIPS.
Phthalate-free; 72 x 24-Inch
𝗖𝗢𝗠𝗙𝗢𝗥𝗧𝗔𝗕𝗟𝗘 𝗔𝗡𝗗 𝗗𝗨𝗥𝗔𝗕𝗟𝗘 — The ergonomic and soft handle of grip strength trainer is not only fit for small and large hands, seniors, and teens but also ensures comfortable holding. The resistance of hand grips for strength training is perfect for both men and women with different strength as it can be adjusted from 22 to 132lbs easily. You can use the FitBeast hand grip strengthener anywhere at any time.
Material: microfiber (soft and absorbent) & natural rubber (nonslip
Triple stitched with heavy duty 6-ply twisted polyester thread. No chain require to hang this bag, it comes with double layer heavy duty built-in nylon web straps
All mounting hardware included
READY, SET, SPAR – No need for guards or gloves with Champs MMA’s winning boxing equipment. Begin boxing training ASAP with your set that comes with 1 headband, 4 balls with cords, and 4 extra cords.
Good anti-slip properties: strong when gripping on the floor, it does not slip during perspiration, easy to carry, good waterproof and non-slip performance, even if it is sweating, it can be practiced in the upper part, the lower part of the mat is full of particles, no slip.
Expert design makes for use in lower ceiling heights. No high arching supports to take up room
【CATCHING EYES DESIGN】Beautiful printing on the towel make the yoga mat more attractive and make the motivation to stick the exercise.We only use Eco-Friendly water based print inks and non-fade digital printing, it will maintain vibrant colors even after repeated washing.
VERSATILE STEPPER PLATFORM: Ideal for cardio workout, fitness, low and high impact. Can combine with other fitness tools to get extra burning fat workouts.
● This target sandbag is used by boxing sandbags (or other martial arts) fans to practice.It can also be used for punching kicking, martial arts and general fitness.
Portable & Easy To Install - Perfect kids boxing training equipment! It has an adjustable height from 27.5” to 43.3”, suitable for children of 3-10 years old. The Boxing Kit comes with an instruction diagram so it’s easy to set up. In outdoor, indoor or the yard, the travel-friendly kids’ boxing set can easily follow you.
✅ THE SWEAT IS REAL: Provides a hot-sauna like experience including many of the same scientifically proven health benefits. (Increased calorie burning, detoxification, improved immune system, enhanced blood flow, faster warm-up & recovery times, greater release of endorphins etc.)
PERFECT GIFT FOR KIDS/ ADULTS - Our jellyfish 3D illusion lamp will be great gift for both kids and adults to deliver a big surprise in Christmas, Birthday, Anniversary or other festivals, perfect home decor for bedroom, living room, office, baby room to create an ultra warm atmosphere.
Features: The non-slip and wear-resistant natural rubber has strong grip, enough to keep it in place. The microfiber material on the surface is soft, skin-friendly and absorbent. The thickness of 1mm is foldable, making it more portable and can be used at home, yoga studios, gyms, beaches, parks and other occasions.
【Great Bonus】: With extra children boxing gloves and pump! Just follow the instruction for a simple installation and begin the journey of boxing. When the stand is filled with water or sand (up to 28lb with water or 43lb with sand), the bag will not fall down with any impact. This kid punching bag is made with Non-toxic materials and child certified by CPSIA.
MADE OF ECO FRIENDLY CORK & TPE MATERIAL – Cork is a natural sustainable material. Our Cork mat has a closed-cell design that makes it sweat resistant and water resistant. TPE is a synthetic material that is durable and eco-friendly - a great choice for people who care about the planet.
Perforated synthetic overlays add support & durability
🎉 Hours of Fun: Looking for a fun and engaging activity for you and your kids? Our hover soccer ball toy provides hours of fun and laughter and is a great way to bond with your family. It's a great gift for boys and girls aged 3 to 8+ and is sure to keep them entertained at home. Keep your child entertained and engaged for hours with our hover soccer ball toy. It's a great way to stay active and healthy at home, and perfect for family fun.
PERFECT FOR KIDS - Do your children want to join the Peloton team too? These converters are perfect for the occasional rider. Simply throw on a pair of sneakers and get right on the bike.
Zip-Top Closure & Free Filling: The zipper design on the top makes it easy for you to adjust the bag weight by increasing or decreasing the stuffing inside, thus achieving different training intensities. And multiple kinds of stuffing are available, such as cloth, sands, rice husk, saw dust and so on.
【Wall Mount 】The complete accessories, can be installed soon. You can start your boxing training at home or in the office like a professional boxer.
Balanced design with long-lasting bladder for optimal rebounds during fitness trainings
【Machine Washable】The pad is washable, can easily be cleaned by machine to protect your body and clothes from unwanted dirt. Feel ease to enjoy your exercise anytime.
84% Polyester, 16% Elastane
The night light LED lamp is engraved hand made to order and comes with a base, cord and remote as shown in the listing picture. Great Personalized Gift - It's a "Everything" gift and great for birthdays, holidays, graduation, and parties. This multi colored LED light is ideal for creating a captivating atmosphere in a man cave, den, room, or game room as well as making a fantastic night light for kids.
HIGH-QUALITY CAST IRON WITH VINYL COATED FINISH: Yes4All kettlebell set is encased with multiple color-coded vinyl to prevent corrosion, increase durability, reduce noise, protect flooring and enhance appearance
🔥Waist Trainer+ Sauna Suit Vest for Men🔥: Full and Double Coverage for the tummy, providing DOUBLE compression and FIRM 360°tummy control to tighten and shape the waist and abdomen，more calories burned, more sweat comes, makes the abdomen effect more obvious. It is a greater enhancer to help you with your goals!
PERFORMANCE - Ball shape is ideal for practicing different angles of punches including hooks and uppercuts. You simply cannot do a proper head shot on a traditional punching bag.
IDEAL FOR ANY AGE OR GENDER: The wide range of weights is ideal for anyone wanting to improve their strength, power and endurance via a versatile kettlebell fitness routine consisting of swings, deadlifts, squats, get-ups and many more
VERSATILE: Ideal for many fitness purposes, such as Pilates & yoga
Zipper seal, convenient and safe. The metal chain is sturdy and heavy duty, you can hang it wall or other tough item
EXCELLENT SLIMMING SHAPER:This Junlan waist trainer vest for women is also a compression shirt, it can not only help you sweat in sports, but also provide slight compression on the fat belly, you can use it as an underneath compression shirts, to provide back support and correct posture. If you are finding a sweat vest and a slimming body shaper, just get this sweat body shaper, definitely make you feel confidence in your life!
Adjustable Height - Height can be easily adjusted between 162 cm - 185 cm / 64 inches - 73 inches to meet the needs of different heights. Perfect for your family members, teenagers, adults, relaxing after a day of school and work
Practice and strengthen uppercuts, hooks, knees, elbow, straight and swing.
SIZE: 14 inches circumference x 36 inches height; approximately 50 pounds
𝐒𝐀𝐓𝐈𝐒𝐅𝐀𝐂𝐓𝐈𝐎𝐍 𝐆𝐔𝐀𝐑𝐀𝐍𝐓𝐄𝐄𝐃: At our company, quality is what we strive for. Our priority is to make sure that you're completely satisfied with your MM Eco-Friendly Cork 6mm Yoga Mat order. This is exactly why we handle all of the manufacturing that goes into our apparel. If there is ever a problem with our Natural Sustainable Cork Mat, our domestic support team is standing by to help.
TEXTURED, NON-SLIP SURFACE - Firm, high-tack surface provides traction for safe, balanced movement for everything from Downward Dog to Crow Pose.
✨ UNIQUE INTERIOR DECORATION: an eye-catching home decor, made of natural plywood, creating a unique atmosphere and a warming light for your home
Service: If you have any questions about our products, please feel free to contact us, we will reply within 24 hours.
Two Pockets Design: ONE LARGE SIDE POCKET for Water Bottle, Towel and Sunglasses. And ONE SMALL INTERIOR ZIPPER POCKET for Keys, Wallet, and Phone.
Come with Wall Bracket: This boxing bag comes with a well-welded wall bracket that is so sturdy. You can easily hang the boxing bag without worrying about it falling off and start your boxing training!
✔【Safe & Durable Material】- Emelivor travel yoga mat is made of soft, water-absorbing, non-slip microfiber surface and imported natural rubber.Without PVC, non-toxic, high temperature resistant, not fade, resistant to tearing and abrasion, durable and long-lasting.Idea for women, men, kids.
Our unfilled punching bag set also includes pro bag gloves, manufactured using Maya-hide leather. They have breathable linings for ventilation that keep your palms dry and odor free.
BODY ALIGNMENT SYSTEM: The alignment markers etched on the mats which help you deepen your practice. This is actually surprisingly very handy!
✔ BREATHABLE & LIGHT - Our gloves are made from highly porous fabric, affording the utmost breathability. The material wicks away sweat and smells that comes along with intense exercise, and allows air to circulate around your hands, reducing sweat and slippage from the iron bar.
✅ Filled only with fabric, no sand fillers added, that means you won’t experience excess sinking and hard / hollow spots as with other brands
【Metal Construction】: The use of high-quality metal and the surface is coated with anti-oxidation and waterproof paint layer, stable and durable.
Comfortable and soft: the wrist sweatbands are made of good quality cotton, 85% cotton, 12% spandex, 3% nylon, they are non-slip, lightweight and durable
Height: 36' tall
HIGH ALTITUDE MASK - Adurance training mask challenges yourself to perform better workout and an improvement of your overall stamina
The TITLE Outburst XL Heavy Bags are crafted from an incredible engineered leather cover that is extra strong, tough and durable for maximum results.
Nonslip surface
A Ringside exclusive
Dimensions: 72 inches L x 24 inches W/183 x 61cm x 0.6cm.
CHOICE OF SIZE. To accommodate beginner, intermediate and advanced users, the bag is available in an extra small 5"x7" size, small bag measuring 6"x9" and medium 7"x10" size. Each one is designed to rebound quickly, helping you build up your hand speed, rhythm and eye contact.
【Excellent Service】If you have any questions about our yoga mat, please contact us by email at any time. we will give you our answer within 24 hours.
Ideal for punching bags and double end bags.
EXTRA WIDE AND EXTRA LONG: Our most popular premium 3/16" thick JadeYoga Harmony mat now is available in 28" width, extra wide (standard mats are 24" wide), and 80" long (standard mats are 68" long) allowing you to broaden your practice. In addition to providing better traction, natural rubber provides better comfort and cushion, is sustainable, and is non-toxic.
❖ Main Freatures: 16 colors changing / Remote Control function / Dimmable / 4 modes of color flashing (Flash, Strobe, Fade and Smooth) / Two ways of power supply: 3* AA Batteries or USB connection (Suggested)
5.Quality Assurance--- 100% Brand new and high quality.Fast Delivery and reliable after-sale servic
Constructed with high-quality synthetic leather for durability and long-lasting use
PACKAGE INCLUDES: 18 Jump Ropes - 5ft long
THERABAND FlexBar Red has a ridged design is easy to grip, twist and oscillate for elbow, wrist, forearm and hand rehabilitation and upper extremity strengthening, lateral epicondylitis therapy, THERABAND FlexBar Green has a ridged design is easy to grip and twist for elbow, wrist, forearm and hand rehabilitation and strengthening, lateral epicondylitis therapy, great for musicians, painters and gardeners
15 PIECE FILLED PUNCHING BAG can withstand pretty much anything you throw at it. Maya Hide Leather with twin layers makes our boxing bag durable and robust. Ideal for MMA, kickboxing, Muay Thai and more.
SOFT TEXTURE&100% NON-TOXIC:No EVA &PVC.Our yoga mat is made of high quality TPE material, which is safe, comfortable and non-toxic.
Touchscreen Finger: You can use your phone and you don’t have to take a glove off to control electronics 
Wheeled design for easy transport with 2 lockable wheels
FITS ANY FIGHTER – Sharpen your skills no matter your size. Your boxing workout equipment features an adjustable Velcro headband plus strings you can shorten to benefit your fitness.
And breathable 100% cotton hand wraps for comfort and support
PREMIUM WRAPS THAT PROFESSIONALS TRUST - Finding the right wrist wrap for your lifting needs is essential to getting the most out of your workout. Simply put, you’re wasting cash on wraps unless you’ve got the right type on your wrists. CLICK 'Add to Cart! Try them today!
Exquisite Workmanship - Hand-stitched seams, reinforced rope connection loops, firm enough, hard to break. Hidden inflation hole design, effectively prevents air leakage, difficult to wear.
Breathable: Zone mesh design coupled with a lightweight polyester blend increases ventilation to control moisture and keep feet cool and dry
Double-ply nylon hanging straps with triple-stitched D-ring tabs alleviate chains and excess noise
Team logo is on the front of the jersey and graphics cover a full 360 degrees
Baseball Design Tote :Red baseball print is sewn on the creamy-white canvas bag,simple and stylish.Suitable for baseball toys team fans & baseball mom family
NON-SLIP premium microfibre surface to keep you in balance and supported.
Designed For Excellent Performance, Durability, Speed & Precision!
Perfect Size & Thickness! 72" x 24" x 1/4" (6mm Thick)!Extra Thick and Extra Wide; It is roomy, helps you stay on the mat, perfectly cushioned for joint support, slip resistance ;The mat is wider and thicker with a perfect balance between stability and comfort
Bring The Gym Home – Elevate Your At-Home Gym With The Protocol Heavy Bag Kickboxing Set, Which Includes A Punching Bag And Durable Stand That Can Take On Your Toughest Of Punches, Kicks, And Training Sessions.
🏋BREATHABILITY: Perforated stretch material extends across fingers and back of hand for enhanced breathability, flexibility, comfort, and fit. Open-back design allows air to circulate and disperse heat.
Set of 2 dumbbells for resistance training; each dumbbell weighs 12 pounds.<br> Product Size: 25 x 8.5cm / 10 x 3.4in, Product Weight: 12LB x 2
Note that for suede surface, more anti-slip can be achieved by spraying a little water with a spray bottle before exercise; rinse under the shower;Air-dried and avoid sun exposure
RDX filled boxing punching bag is handcrafted with resilient Maya hide leather. The material is resistant to splits, tear and cracks. It is ideal for Boxing, MMA, Kickboxing, Muay Thai and more.
ADJUSTABLE RESISTANCE & PORTABLE PERSONAL HOME GYM - Adjustable resistance, you can adjust it from 22 lbs (10 kg) to 132 lbs (60 kg) according to your need. Can be done at home or in office with just 5-10 minutes per day. Perfect for athletes, musicians, rock climbers, tennis players, etc.
ANY TIME - Set it and forget it. Unlike traditional icing and heating pads, Hyperice X provides long-lasting, sustained relief without any change in temperature.
EXCELLENT STICKY ANTI SLIP SURFACE: Suede features excellent skid resistance and moisture absorption, the surface absorbs sweat quickly to ensure safety and hygiene, the bottom made from natural rubber, our fitness mat is anti-tear and easy to clean.
NATURAL ARCH - Arch design naturally curves to the back for more effective core work that protects your lower back
👦🏻【Build Skills & Have Fun】 Your Kid Stays Fit While Having Fun with this premium set of sport boxing set that will help them let steam off, strengthen their muscles, build confidence. It will improve their boxing skills, quick response capability, and ability to focus.
【PREMIUM MATERIAL】Made of high-end breathable and quick-drying polyester microfiber material. The well-made Yoga Towel are designed to offer you durability and comfort. Good absorption of sweat during yoga practice and drys faster, Ideal for all types of yoga.
- ACCELERATE YOUR PROGRESS: Thinking of getting a particular band but concerned the tension will be too much? Don’t worry, we offer multiple smaller bands to accommodate your level of tension. By stacking the bands you can increase the tension and reduce the number of bands used as you get stronger.
Adjustable Height: Use the screws on frame to adjust 3 level of height up to 9“, convenient and safe for each user to customize height for their individual needs.
Pre-curved foam and a padded palm grip offer excellent hand protection
🏈 Glow in the Dark Football: This nightball will glow in the dark with a clear green light! In order to get the glowing effect you need to put the ball anywhere outside in the daylight (the longer the better) and enjoy the superb glowing light up ball effect when playing later at night! The ball stays lighted up in the dark for up to 4 hours depending on the light intensity in the day time.
Weight Adjustable: The sandbag is available in different weight of 20/40/60 lbs, and you can add or take off weight bags freely, offering you various of workout intensity. Flexible weight of the sandbag makes it suitable for your whole family to use as well.
WORKS GREAT - 4 Level adjustable breathing mask makes simplest tasks tougher and workouts more intense as your needs
One Size Fits Most - Strength training weights used perfect oversized adjustable closure with extensiveness range, these wrist and ankle weight fit most all ankles/wrists /arms /legs, easy to put on and adjust to your desired fit. Ankle weights set fits men, women, kids.
EASY TO GRIP SURFACE: Feature a grooved and textured PVC shell to help you get a firm grip on the ball even with sweaty hands
【Adjustable Stand】The length of the punching ball stand is adjustable from 62cm to 100cm to suit your doorway. Easily adjustable to fit everyone's needs.
Textured wide handle for better grip, fit most hand sizes. Non-slip grip for complete control
Free Carry strap: Easy to go and store. No need to go buy a yoga carrying strap. We've got you covered. Because we love adding value to you and your practice.
PEAR-SHAPED SPEEDBAG. Designed for rapid recoiling, this speedbag can help to develop your reflexes, increase your speed and improve your hand-eye coordination. The pear shape provides easy targeting, allowing you to get accurate punches and good rebounds without messing up your rhythm.
[6 in 1] Combines 6 grip strengtheners in 1 single gripper. Just adjust the lever and easily change the grip resistance that is suitable for your level of strength and training goal. All you need is a single GD Iron Grip, instead of buying 6 different hand strengtheners.
✪【Easy to Assemble and Store】It only takes five minutes to set up. After finishing workout, you can rely under the bed or sofa.
70%PU Leather,30%Faux Leather
Patented door frame guard and two-way adjustable design; fits door frames up to 33 inches wide and up to 6 inches deep
INFUSED WITH CARBON FOR CONDUCTIVITY; Made with soft, durable polyurethane that’s highly conductive, breathable and comfortable; Our grounding mats for sleep don't scuff or fray and can be cleaned with mild soap and water without losing their conductivity
PORTABLE AND LIGHTWEIGHT These bands are a necessary staple in every gym bag; Used by athletes, strength trainers and physical therapists for tack and floss method of recovery and tissue restoration. Compatible with crossfit.
ADDITIONAL- Speed bag included. Valor Fitness Speed Bags are built to fit our products. If using another bag, the CA-53 should accommodate most S/M speed bags. Partially assembled for your convenience.
💖100% Risk Free Buy & Perfect Housewarming Gift-We are committed to providing customers with satisfactory products and services. Please rest assured to place an order, you will enjoy our 24-hour online service, 1-year warranty, and returnable services if you are not satisfied. This modern towel rack is the perfect housewarming gift for any style of bathroom remodel, and everyone crave a practical treasure trove of bathroom organization
Exclusively Designed Eco Travel Case with Ergonomic Design & Breathable Technology, and Bonus Advanced Yoga Pose Chart Included
The design and text won't fade since we laser engrave it right onto the bottle. Comes with a screw on lid with a flip-top sipping straw.
EASY CARE: We recommend unrolling and airing out your mat for 2-3 days before use. Spot clean with our Yoga Mat Wash or damp cloth with cold water and mild detergent. Dry flat. We recommend storing your mat in a mat bag when not in use.
✅ DOUBLE-SIDED NON-SLIP SURFACE: Strong, secure grip for barefoot poses or gymnastics floor work on any surface: tile, carpet, wood or concrete. The textured non-slip surfaces and large size makes it an ideal yoga mat for men, women or partner yoga.
Durable and Stable Platform: 19.7-inch diameter with 1 inch thick PE board for stabilization.
MATERIAL: Waterproof suede positive & anti-rubber backing for excellent traction and superior grip and a stylish design to keep you motivated and focused
Warranty Service - Any problem with our jumping rope or service, Please fell free to contact us at any time. We will try our best to make you a wonderful shopping experience here.
MEDIUM DENSITY STRESS BALL - The median level of the three densities for people requiring an average level of resistance
[Care Instructions] : Spot clean with damp cloth with cold water and mild detergent, Dry flat.Pls don't exposed to the sun for extended periods of time.
Easy to install and convenient to use, Including installation hardware!
MULTI-SPORT - Perfect heavy bag for boxing, MMA, Muay Thai, aerobic workouts or any contact sport. Designed for a full 360 degree maneuverability around the body for strikes, punches, and condition your body with a muscle building aerobic workout.
Cushioning thickness and grippy surface provide added stability, comfort, and safety when holding or moving through poses
👊【WORRY-FREE AFTER-SALES】-- We alsways put customers shopping experience at the first place and aimed to provide good product to our client.If you are dissatisfied with our boxing punching bags,please contact us,we will more than happy to help.
Equipped With 1 Pre-Installed Bladder & 2 Elastic Ropes With Metal Hooks!
【Powerful Performance】: The FITVEN punching bag for kids has the largest capacity base you will ever see. No matter how strong the punch is, it can easily accept it. The base also has a 180-degree spring that rebound smoothly while reducing vibration and noise. The ball is covered with high-quality thickened PU material, so you don't worry about tearing. Perfect for training the basics of boxing and maintaining workout levels.
DEADLIFT AND SQUAT 100s OF POUNDS: Our power lifting belt can withstand hundreds of pounds being lifted without breaking. Our gym belt will not fall apart no matter how heavy you lift. These power lifting belts are made to IPF standards, and are fantastic quality making them ideal for endurance training, powerlifting, bodybuilding or general back support.
WEAR HOW YOU WANT - The adjustable drawstring cord allows for a custom, secure fit whether you want to wear it for summer neck cooling or as a winter face mask warmer! The gaiter stays in place comfortably on the neck and won’t fall on the ground or get lost. Pull it up when you need it, pull it down when you don’t.
Raised padded targets for top level precision training
Perfect for developing hand and foot technique and building nice body.
Streaked with a colorful, serene pattern, durable and long-lasting
🥊ADJUSTABLE HEIGHT FOR THEIRS - According to the height of the child, the freestanding punching bag stand can be adjusted from 27.2 inches to 41.3 inches, very suitable for siblings to share. Portable and easy to assemble. Boxing gear includes a big punching ball, sturdy base, a pair of boxing gloves, a free pump, gift box and other components.
MAJOR LUTIE MISSION: The original aspiration of MAJOR LUTIE brand is simple——to create multi-functional and cost-effective cages for fitness enthusiasts and provide an integrated multi-function system for people who love home fitness. If you have any questions, you can contact us through email, and we will provide you with a satisfactory solution.
Stands 56" tall and is recommended for ages 6 and older
Exercise mat for yoga, pilates, and other workout routines
🍁【Sweatshirt Care】Put them in the washer and dryer using a mesh bag to avoid pilling/stretching,or hand wash with cold water/hang or line dry/no bleach/no dry clean.
VARIETY OF CHOICES -- 5 sizes available: 31.5", 39", 47", 59", 71", this punching bag set is aimed at enhancing endurance, speed and accuracy and 5 sizes can meet the fitness needs of the whole family
【EASY TO FILL】- The boxing bag is convenient to fill via the zipper closure on the bag top. It's recommend to fill up with clothes, rags, foams, sawdust, sponge and more.
STURDY ENOUGH:The stitching is solid and delicate, you don't need to worry it would split or tear. Metal buckles can firmly connect the sandbag and metal chain.
ANTI-SWING PUNCHING BAG combine with the punching bag tether loop to prevent the bag from swinging and tilting. The bag in place, allows you to train longer..
❤How To Order:Click on “Customize Now” to choose color,lucky number,engraving name,back engraved you want and select the chain's length.
IRON NECK PRO: Suitable for all athletes, this advanced neck strengthening device offers full range isometric and concentric strength training with adjustable rotational resistance.
PUSH MORE REPS & REACH YOUR GOALS FASTER! - Are you ready? These will help take pressure off your wrist and redirect it to those targeted muscles, allowing you to focus on your workout & increase your rep counts. As a result, this will ultimately lead to noticeable gains in a shorter period of time. A set of Hustle Athletics wraps are an essential fitness accessory. Your workouts will never be the same without them.
The most recognized speed bags on the market for their durability and fast swing.
FLEXIBLE DESIGN:Boxing Speed Bag has ball shaped and inflated design, very flexible.
🍁【Designs】 Classic Crewneck/Round Neck Sweatshirts, Color Block on the Long Sleeve Sweaters, Loose Fit High Low Side Split Tunic Tops. The Simple Shirts is Casual Chic and Never out of Date.
BODY SLIMMING: Our sweat suit is designed to be tight. It will tuck your tummy in, shape your waist, and accentuate your curves. It will train you not to relax your tummy while wearing. Combined with a balanced and healthy diet and strict exercise routine, you’ll have a noticeable difference to your body after few weeks.
*Paddling frequency meter measurement：For measuring rowing frequency.
★ With double sided non-slip surfaces, Balance From all-purpose premium exercise yoga mat comes with an excellent slip resistant advantage to prevent injuriesExceptional resilience allow you to keep your balance during any exercise style. Moisture resistant technology makes the mat to be easily washed with soap and water
4FT Punching Bag - 4ft height is perfect size for adult punching. Made of high-quality PU leather and reinforced straps, featured with fixed screws, double stitching and cross stress bands, the punching bag functions well and serve for a long time usage. Multi-layer shock-absorption foam padding provides you with the best punching experience and not feeling hurt on your hands. Just fill sand, cloth, corn beans and start punching!
【10 YEAR WARRANTY】 | DAAN MMA Kickboxing Punching Bag Comes with 10 Years Warranty. If You Were to Face Any Issues with DAAN Hanging Punching Bag Please Message Us We Will Cover It Under the Warranty With A Replacement.
STAY GROUNDED: Uniquely designed for traction, stability and superior grip, this deluxe yoga mat provides comfort and support. Each B-MAT has an ultra-grippy, sticky top to keep you grounded and stable. The non-slip design on our textured mat is easy to clean and care for.
High Load Secure Yoga Mat Holder: This wall yoga mat holder is make from solid metal ,which can help you clean up home gym stuff conveniently.
Base for Your Safety: Fill in sand or water for stability. Easy to assemble. Attractive colors for better focus
✅ Proudly Made in USA and comes with a 10 year warranty
Solid colors: 100% Cotton; Heather Grey: 90% Cotton, 10% Polyester; All Other Heathers: 50% Cotton, 50% Polyester
STAY HEALTHY - Use our boxing punch bag to work out and hone your fighting abilities at home without having to go to a gym. This punch bag for adults and children is great for practicing kicks, punches, and other skills.
High Quality: This yoga mat is made by PVC material that can be stretched repeatedly providing superior durability, cushioning and slip-resistance.It's the latest technological improvement to traditional mats
LCD DISPLAY: The exercise equipment treadmill for home is equipped with an LCD display that shows running and training data such as run time, distance, speed, and calories burned. It also has grip sensors for pulse monitoring and a 0.6-6.5 MPH adjustable speed
【Eco-friendly TPE Material】Yoga mat is made of technologically improved TPE (Thermoplastic Elastomers), this material that is advantageous to traditional PVC and NBR in all aspects, superior durability. Eco friendly and healthy is new standard for yoga mats.
Soft Neoprene for Comfort The weighted vest for fitness adopts excellent neoprene fabric with quality sand filling, which is super soft and helps to concentrate the weight in the chest and upper body during training and builds core muscle strength. Cleanup Cautions: Only a dry cloth needed. Don't rinse vest in water.
PACK OF 2 HEX BOLTS WITH WASHERS are included to securely install the Ceiling mount. With easy assembly mechanism you can install it any place of your liking.
Effective for both upper and lower body training
Easy to Install - The boxing speed bar can be easily installed at the height you want, and the smooth rebound bar helps you train.
Megabass Vision ONETEN+1 Suspending Jerkbait
Material: The back is made of environmentally friendly and healthy imported natural rubber, and the patterned side is made of microfiber. Durable and can be pulled, high temperature resistant, waterproof, non-slip. And give away a YOGA STORAGE BAG.
SOFT PROTECTIVE CUP - These sliding shorts have a built-in cup pocket that will fit any size youth athletic cup. Besides providing great protection, this soft foam Protective Athletic Cup is also designed to be lined with a layer of soft foam and moisture-wicking fabric that keeps your parts both comfortable and cool and decreases the lightweight.
Superior Ultra Durable Construction, Sunray-Resistant, Waterproof Vinyl
WIDE APPLICATION -- The heavy punching bag kit is great for punching kicking, martial arts and general fitness, a great gift to release stress and stimulate potential!
High-rebound & Durable Four Inner Materials - The upper bag features with thick and high-density PU leather, power buffer layer, high elastic EPE Foam and polyurethane liner. Top-filled terylene cotton enhance plumpness, thick nylon-sewing makes every boxing more pleasant. Not to hurt fingers and elbow joints.
❥【Easy to Use & Carry】- The long yoga bands comes with a storage bag, easy to carry anywhere, in travel, home, gym, etc. Simple & easy to use product for upper & lower body exercises that can be performed anywhere, is ideal for conditioning & rehabbing muscles.
SIMPLE BY DESIGN | The Power Ring is made of the highest quality fitness materials – recycled stainless steel wrapped in baby-soft silicone.
Wide Application: It can be used with various weight barbells. It is suitable for deadlift, squats, shoulder press, shoulder shrugs, leg press, and other actions. Better stretching machine can stretch your muscles easily and fast.
Ideal for Exercise: Use this multifunctional boxing bar can maximize the exercise of the body and muscles. 360 degree flexible arm swing movement can train the reaction ability
【Versatile Use】This fitness aerobic exercise step is perfect for workout classes, recovering from an injury, or everyday regular workout routines in your own home, office or take it to your friends' home or gym exercise park to help you keep fit and enjoy your aerobic exercises，suitable for indoor / outdoor sport. A perfect gift for yourself family friend.
100% Satisfaction Guarantee: If you are not completely satisfied with our Yoga Mat Bag, we will do whatever it takes to make sure you are happy! We will assure you of 100% Satisfaction or you will have your money back.
【Professional Reflex Training】Boxing ball is the best way to train your punching skill, speed, agility, focus, accuracy. It is suitable for man or woman, teenager or child, even boxing trainer.
👉【SUPER SAFETY PROTECTION】5-layer non-slip and shock-absorbing running belt protect your back, joints, muscles, knees and ankles from injury during exercise.This household folding treadmill is equipped with a safety button, which allows you to press the safety button in an emergency, and the treadmill will stop immediately to provide protection for your safety.
Included components: product, manual
Boxing Speedball
Product Type: Sporting Goods
Durable And Cushioned Flooring - We Sell Mats multipurpose EVA foam floor tiles provide a firm cushion of 1/2 inch thickness to lessen the impact of exercising and playing
Ideal Gift for Kids: The solar robot kits will be packaged in a exquisite gift box, it is a ideal educational gift for you kids on Birthday, Christmas Day, Children's Day and other special days. Suitable for boys and girls 6 year olds and up. The pieces are designed for small hands, and easily fit together so that kids can focus on the building process!
Better than Foam Gym Handles: Much prefer the rubber over the foam many handles push as more comfortable.The grip is nice and stiff. This has a comfortable rubber outer sleeve which gives excellent control and safety.
Stable Base - To ensure stability during usage, the base of the boxing bar is equipped with 6 powerful suction cups. These suction cups firmly adhere to the floor, preventing the target from wobbling or tilting when struck, allowing you to focus on your training without worrying about losing balance
FINE WORKMANSHIP：The Boxing Speed Bag is sewed by manual, fine workmanship to ensure high quality. The inflation inlet has good airtightness, no air leakage problem.
Size: about 25x25x5mm/0.98x0.98x0.2in
INSTANT COOLING RELIEF. Tancano cooling towel is made of Hyper-evaporative breathable microfiber mesh fabric, if you just soak, wring out and snap, it will become a chilling towel in a second, and the cooling effect will last up to several hours and you can easily reactivate it by repeating the same steps.
Made in the USA Heavy Bag
【Full-Body Workout】 These exercise bands resistance can be used for strength training, powerlifting, or hitting everything from your back, legs, biceps, triceps, to chest. Whether men or women of all fitness levels, whether beginner, advanced or professional, the different levels of exercise bands are just right for everyone.
MAKE EXERCISING EASIER - Squeeze ball attached to a flexible cord with an adjustable fastener that can be slipped and worn on the wrist or palm. We will also email you a 16 PAGE EXERCISE GUIDE with detail pictures, exercise training steps and links to 12 VIDEO EXERCISE DEMOS
◆【The Ideal Set】 - Every Tumaz Birth Ball Set comes with a Peri Bottle to facilitate postpartum cleansing and healing. With our ergonomically designed bottle, relieve discomfort and fasten recovery. And, it comes with a thoughtful travel bag!
【Adjustable Stand】The length of the pull-up bar stand is adjustable from 90cm to 103cm to suit your doorway. Easily adjustable to fit everyone's needs.
Ergonomic seams for natural range of motion. Perfect for yoga, gym, exercise, fitness, hiking, indoor, any type of workout, or casual wear. Baleaf Women's Ankle Legging Athletic Yoga Pants combine fashion, function and performance
★Fat Burning - Wing Chun is excellent for burning fat and losing weight. Research has shown that working on a punching bag is an excellent cardiovascular exercise and that a 135-lb adult can burn between 350 and 450 calories during a 50-minute kickboxing working.
【Ergonomic design】The boxing wall target is sturdy, durable, small, portable and can be installed on the wall. Punch bag boxing responds to the target training device, and the cushion is made of PU leather and foam, with elegant surface, easy to clean and practical. It can protect your hands from injury.
Burn fat and shape your body: Mini booty bands, also known as hip bands or glute bands. They are designed to place around your thighs, legs, ankles, feet, shoulders and arms and used as an additional part of a physical exercise program to enhance natural movements such as squats, lunges, slides, and kicks, etc. This additional part helps you to warm up, burn fat in more areas, increase mobility and strength more efficiently, as well as shape your body within a shorter time frame.
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE: Every Yoga Mats is backed by premium quality.If you are at all unsatisfied with your product, we provide replacement or refund. Any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us,we reply email within 24 hours.Supply the best service for you!
BETTER RESULTS – Provides a full range of motion you can’t get from standard sit-ups; isolates the abs for optimal workout results!
Tight gas nozzle design, the double-end rubber bladder inside the ball can be easily inflated with an air pump, the double end bladder anti-concussion, anti-leakage. and deflated and put away when not in use.
Measurements: Bag Circumference Is 27 Inches, Elastic Ropes Are 32 Inches Length & Metal Hooks Are 2 Inches Length!
IDEAL FOR ALL TRAINING - BOB is ideal for training in just about all standing martial arts! Any martial art that would use a regular punching bag, heavy bag, or heavy hanging bag, will work with BOB as well.
👊【Stable Floor Sucking Base】: 7.5MM thicken ABS base bears 140kg weight easily, supported by 12 strong suction cups help keep the heavy bag in position on smooth and even floors. The base weighs up to 203lbs when filled with sand for max stability. For Less Vibration, Please remove the springs.
DURABLE LEATHER MATERIAL: Made of high-quality PU leather, the Boxing Punching Bag provides extreme durability to ensure it can withstand multiple ings over and over again.
IMPORTANT - 10lb plates can bend when dropped ALONE while on a barbell
【LCD DISPLAY】The fitness bike is designed with a LCD display which can indicate distance, calories burned, time, speed, heart rate pulse and scan. Put your hand on the pulse sensor while riding the exercise bike and get your workout performance at the same time.
【Treadmill safety key】: magnetic work, can work easy and quick on most treadmills requiring a round treadmill safety key. It can easily clamp to any part of your clothing and it's strong to hold.Easily clips to virtually all types of clothing so you can forget about the key while you walk or run.
Available in 5" x 8" or 6"x 9"
Our unfilled boxing punching bags are equipped with high-quality Maya hide leather and Zero Impact G-core technology. Our punching bags provide tear resistance, and exclusive technology helps this product take severest of hits and still last long with you without getting deformed.
Upgraded shock absorbing system: Dual TPU absorbers and 4 springs to achieve 360°shock and noise absorption; Tip: Springs can be removed for less vibration to do intensive strength training
Everlast Single Station Heavy Bag Stand: 66.50"L x 47.5"W x 88" Hgt.
40% latex + 60% polyester
PREMIUM STEEL CONSTRUCTION – Constructed from rugged, foam, and vinyl to provide sturdy exercise gear for long usage, the surge bench is safe and comfortable. The construction is compact and stabilized to provide optimal support for daily workouts
✪【Adjustable Height Levels】4 different training height levels which work on the thighs, calves and abdomen to meet different needs and increase the exercise efficiency.
Ball bearing design for fast and accuracy training
Baseball Gifts Culture:The adorable baseball tote is perfect for taking it to baseball sport & game! Great for baseball fans , you would show off your love for the great sport!
* High Quality& Safe Use-- This empty sandbag is made of good quality canvas cloth material is wear-resistant and durability for years of use, with PU patch on the middle which is sleek enough to protect your hand from abrasion.
Experience the comfort of yoga pants with a seamless waistband that does not dig in
Stainless steel construction built to outlast your gym
👊【TWO GEAR ADJUSTMENT】- Boxing punching bag using stepless variable speed device, the sandbag swing will become smaller,and it can be used for strength training;Remove the stepless variable speed device,the sandbag swing will bigger,and parent-child interaction can be carried out.
Adjustable Hook & Loop Strap, Can be Adjusted For The Perfect Size To Make It Comfortable To Wear
FASTER RETURN- The 2” thick MDF enhances stability and allows even more striking energy to be transferred back into speed bag than CA-2. Reinforced with 2 solid steel chrome tubes. 360-degree rotating swivel adds speed and efficiency required in boxing.
🥊 ADULT FREE STANDING KICKBOXING BAG - Works on even floors in home, office and gym studio.
High quality powder coated iron ceiling hook is ideal for garages or where space is limited. Can be installed on wooden beams, outdoors and indoor ceilings with D-shackles, bolts and nuts.
🥊 ADULT FREE STANDING KICKBOXING BAG - Works on even floors in home, office and gym studio
Can be used for running jogging and all kinds of workout for hand and legs
5- 5x8 and 6- 6x9
HALFMOON YOGA: For over 30 years Halfmoon has been proud to bring you yoga, meditation and wellness props to support you in living your yoga
In Two Packages - Due to its large size, the base and the bag are shipped separately. If you receive one package first, the other package will arrive shortly. Please be patient. The boxing gloves are included in the base package. If you only receive one package, please contact us.
[Easy to Set up]: First, you can add water or sand to the bottom of the punching bag, and inflate the top with the free air pump, then it will bounce back properly. This freestanding boxing bag is easy to inflate and deflate, and can be folded into a small size for storage. You can use it at home, in the office, in the backyard, and the park.
Made of durable vinyl construction
UNIQUE DESIGN: Feature a red and white string ropes with an assorted color of orange, pink, light green, and dark green handles.
★Easy to remove, install and adjust:Three plugged resistance cables and safety hook make its installation can be finished within 30 seconds.Heavy-duty straps with buckle to adjust the length and non-slip foot stirrup gives support for the trainer while doing pull-up or chin-up.
The yoga pads keep pressure off the joints when holding poses for a more comfortable yoga practice
Buy with Confidence: Our custom-designed Yoga mat rack is made from high quality, durable material; all our fitness equipment storage racks come with a lifetime warranty and a 24/7 USA-based customer support
【Designed for All Age】This hanging boxing bag is available in 32-inch, 40-inch, 47-inch and 55-inch heights. It is designed for all age groups and is an ideal training partner for kids and adults.
🔥UPGRADE PU INNER,CRAZY SWEAT🔥Sauna shapewear suit uses a heat trapping polymer material,increase your body's natural heat quickly,stimulate sweating in any physical activity,after wear,you can feel your tummy and legs temperature rising rapidly,sweat more,shed pounds lightning-fast,get a slimming body.The sweat tank top is a necessary weapon for your workout.And it's close to the skin,skin-friendly, doesn't make you uncomfortable or feel a sense of burn after training
【Perfect Gift】Boxing speed ball is a fitness equipment used for family leisure boxing. It can help you provide excellent physical exercise. It can stimulate fat loss and can bring about wider muscle and muscle regulation.
💪【Material】Made of high quality material, the inflation height is 160cm. Color: black and red; Weight: 720g,Larger diameter for more striking ability.What a great energy releasing toy!
Office Ball Chair for Fun and Better Posture - Tired of the ordinary office chairs? No worries! We have you covered! Try our Office Ball Chair for a healthier and more active lifestyle. This chair is a magician that corrects your posture and eventually drives your back pain away! Plus, you can even treat yourself with a highly efficient back and abdominal strengthening or some deep stretches that you long deserve during or after work!
Punching bag that promotes exercise in children while helping increase agility and hand-eye coordination
*Professional Stopwatch: Multi-functional milliseconds stopwatch,three row display,two sets of record memory，100 records per group，1/100 seconds in units，Can look up records up and down, read the Fastest time（FS）,just suitable for sports competition,swimming,running,training etc.
Customer Services: We offer a lifetime warranty and free return or replacement if you are not pleased with your purchase
✔ FUNCTION - Ergonomically designed to perform heavy duty weight training, ranging from pull ups, rowing, powerlifting, WOD, chin ups to cross-training, and sports activities such as tennis and cycling. Our iconic non-slip hexagon silicone rubber on the palm provides a high traction surface to grab the iron bar firmly and doesn't let your hands slide off, while the four finger loops and wrist lock keep these grips in place so they fit and feel like a glove.
【Powerful rebound】The speed reaction ball uses a 360° rotating reaction rod, which can exercise your reaction ability and dodge ability, and is also very helpful for practicing rhythm and hitting speed.
Medium cushioning throughout foot for all day comfort
WEIGHTED BASE OF PUNCHING BAG can easily be filled with sand or water so that when you knock it down it pops back up!
[Elastic high-density material provides excellent cushioning and stability]: The surface uses ultra-fine fibers with excellent wear resistance. Both sides use high-density cushioning and absorption layers, which are more durable and safer than ordinary yoga mats, and provide greater support and stability when practicing complex postures and stretching exercises. Prevent sliding on the smooth laminate floor.
Triple reinforced D-Rings on top of bag for hanging
71'' x 26''; 4 mm thick|Innovative leather-like top layer delivers unbeatable no-slip grip no matter how much you sweat.|Charcoal infused natural rubber core absorbs sweat and eliminates odor.|100% open airflow evaporates moisture on contact.|PU/Natural Rubber|Contains 1% Latex|Country of Origin: Spain
🍄 ADVANCED DESIGN: With double sided non-slip surfaces, Balance From all-purpose premium exercise yoga mat comes with an excellent slip resistant advantage to prevent injuriesExceptional resilience allow you to keep your balance during any exercise style. Moisture resistant technology makes the mat to be easily washed with soap and water.
【Easy to Use and Portable】 8 foot long and 1.57 inches wide enough to recommended the most beginner to use it. Yoga stretch bands are so easy to work with it even if you've never done them before. You can put the straps in the carry bag and take it to anywhere you want.
🥊【2-in-1 Multifunctional Punching Stand】 Including speed bag and heavy bag in the packages, this boxing stand allows you to perform different methods with one unit to exercise your full body and core. Besides, the stand has two metal rings, which fit sand bags with ropes and also support elastic rope training. This punching bag stand is really a very versatile martial arts equipment for you to stay in shape!
Suitable for all ages: boxing tennis is not only suitable for boxing, but also can be used by anyone to improve their speed and reaction speed. Everyone can use the boxing tennis headband from home, even from work, whether it's for reflex training purposes or an interesting game, suitable for stress relief
BUY WITH FULL CONFIDENCE: We are so confident that you will love YEOREO yoga pants. If you're not 100% satisfied, please send them back for a full refund.Select your favorite color and ""Add to Cart"" now
【Adjustable Size & Easy To Wear】- ONE SIZE FITS ALL. Durable athletic elastic band provides a greater fit for ankles, wrists and arms of all sizes. The ultra-strong velcro prevents the ankle weights from sliding and holding well during workout. The arm weights for women providing maximum comfort during exercise. Wearable wrist weights make the Bangles a perfect fit for men and women alike. Super easy to put on and take off.
★ Bag is 48" Long with Chains, 40" without Chains and 12" Wide. The PU patch on the middle is sleek enough to protect your hand from abrasion, This punching bag set is aimed at enhancing your endurance, speed and accuracy, Great for Boxing Practice.
The Mini Tackle Buddy makes a great gift for kid's and adults
【Springs Back In Place With Ease】: Designed for optimal and safe use, our free standing boxing bag features a strong, durable spring at the base of the shaft. This allows the spring mounted punching bag to bounce back into position every time after every hit.
BEAUTIFUL DESIGN:beautiful and lovely yoga mat giving people a comfortable feeling. Our floor mats is functional and suitable for all kinds of sports, such as Pilates, Floor exercise etc.
Installation, Freestanding punching bags can be placed at home, garage, tool room, gym. Manuals will help you how to install the boxing bag, if the accessories are damaged and the sandbag has quality problems during use, we will replace the accessories free of charge, please feel free to contact us.
PACKAGE INFO - Package contains (2) quick wrap gloves one for each hand, colors: Black, Blue, Grey, Grey/Pink, Purple/Black & Red Sizes: S, M, L & XL Whether your training for MMA, Boxing, Muay Thai, Kickboxing or Krav Maga these hand wraps are a must have.
Stable Sucking Base -24/32 large suction cups beneath to add extra super grip and stop base movement.Stick extremely well to the hardwood floors, tile,concrete floors.
Personalized just the way you want it! Each water bottle is laser engraved with the image that you see in the photo along with your own name or custom text.
✔【PLEASE NOTE】: Kids should play under parent's guidance, and prepare a pair of boxing gloves for training,If you are not satisfied with our product you received, you can send emails to us at any time. We will reply you instantly and help you solve your problem.
REALISTIC MOVEMENT RESPONSE - Engage in dynamic workouts with our hanging punching bag, delivering variable responses that simulate an opponent's reaction.
Maintenance Instructions : Wipe the site with cold water and a mild detergent with a damp cloth and let it dry smoothly. Please do not exposure to the sun for a long time, we accept your 30 days full refund of the refund, after-sales service is 100% satisfactory.
Dimensions: 14" x 42"
Other accessories: 1x yoga knee pad at 24" x 10", with 5/8" (15 mm) thick for perfect cushion. 2x yoga blocks at 9" x 6" x 4" and 1x yoga strap to make you a complete yoga set
★Multi-target Design: To facilitate your practice of different boxing moves, such as hooks, straight punches, and swinging punches, we have specially designed 5 hit points on all sides of the boxing target. So you can practice more precisely.
【Easy to Assemble】Simple screw-together design comes together in minutes; all tools required for assembly are included.
💪【Sturdy Construction】 This boxing stand is constructed of thickened and sturdier tube with triangular structure to ensure long-lasting use. Equipped with Y-shaped base and anti-slip feet pad, it features high stability. You can add weight plate for more stability to the anti-bump foam sponge for most weight plate (Suitable Size: D25mm).
Ideal Gift for 3 to 10 Years Kids - Give as a birthday and holidays (Christmas, Thanksgiving & New Years) present for kids, boys & girls.Keep kids active indoors and away from the electronics.
【24/7Customer Service】Any problems please don't hesitate to contact us, we will reply and provide solutions within 24 hours.
Have you always wanted to do a headstand but could never build up strength and mobility OR have you never felt safe or confident? Try Restrial Life Headstand Bench and check off inversion from your new year's resolution list right away. Our yoga bench can assist you into an inversion safely and effortlessly
Measures 5.5"H X 9" W X 3" L
Perfect for heavy bags up to 100lbs.
IMPROVE SPINAL STABILITY: This gym belt will give you maximum back support and stabilize your core, abs, and back during heavy lifts. Our power lifting belt allows extra power, strength, and support in your back and abs so that you can improve your lifts. Many of our customers use the belt with 500 pound deadlifts and squats and it has gone through extensive testing.
Become virtually unhittable with this great defensive workout training tool
Made with Ultra Durable, Sunray-Resistant, Premium Vinyl
【Versatile Workout Bands】These exercise bands resistance bands set can improve your strength and freedom of movement in all major muscle groups. Perfect for yoga training, stretching, strength training, and flexibility exercises that can have positive effects on health. You can also use them to stretch before exercises, improve flexibility, during yoga, or for rehabilitating muscle injuries.
Includes mounting hardware for easy installation
COMFORT AND STABILITY for yogis of varying experience levels. Comes in 183x61x0.6cm dimensions, Comes in exciting colors and designs, with convenient strap, carry bag and exercise manual to get you started.
【Inspirational Decors】 Aayla Yoga Cat is not only a handicraft. When you walk by and see it, it reminds you to keep your practices up, to stay calm, to take a moment and breathe deeply, stretch and holder, and then relax.
Wicking cool comfort fabric
【LIGHTWEIGHT&DURABLE】Focus Punching Bag is Rugged PVC construction,Upgraded version, thicker material, durable.and the design made it not only more compact, but smoother to rebound when hit.
Kids Punching Bag - Kids will go crazy over this boxing set! Our boxing set includes adjustable stand, inflatable punching ball, a pair of boxing gloves, inflatable pump, round base is sturdy, fill the base with water or sand and to offer your kid endless hours of active play on the grass, the concrete or the beach!
2.Dimension: Length: 11.4cm/4.5inch Height: 9.5cm/3.74inch Wide: 2.0cm/0.78inch.
REVOLUTIONARY ALIGNMENT SYSTEM - Our intelligently designed unique “AlignForMe” system has been bolstered by this mat’s uniqueness to guide and prevent injuries to Yogis of all experience levels.
SAFE - Does not contain 6P phthalates, latex, lead, and heavy metals. Safe for body, mind and spirit.
ECO FRIENDLY & NON SLIP: It is a COVER for yoga mat. Imported natural rubber, durable, pullable, high temperature resistant, waterproof; irregular texture, enhance grip and improve slip resistance, not easy to slide; surface suede material, soft and skin-friendly.
SIZE 72inch x26.7inch, 0.9 kg (900 gms/2 lbs)
✅LIFETIME REPLACEMENT WARRANTY: Order now and receive your heavy-duty dipping belt with a money-back guarantee: If you aren't happy with the dip belt attachment simply send it back for a no-questions-asked refund. ONE SIZE FITS ALL
🥊 UNLEASH THE LITTLE BOXER IN YOUR KID: Introducing the ultimate punching bag for kids, specially designed for young champions aged 3-12! Whether your child is in the 3-8 years range or the 8-12 years group, our kids punching bag is perfect to kick-start their boxing journey.
👊High-quality Material: Made of premium quality thickened PVC material, leak-proof, portable and durable. Due to the material, it is smelled, please note that it is normal. It never harms to your health. Please inflate and put it in a well-ventilated place for 1 to 2 days to disperse the smell.
Material: canvas + galvanized copper buttons (not rusty), soft and thick.
✅ Exercise Bands are the most versatile exercise tools for dynamic workouts. Initially designed to help with pull ups progression, they are now used for assisted pullups with bands, powerlifting bands, calisthenics bands, CrossFit bands, stretching bands and agility bands to create a progressive resistance which matches the strength curb of movement.
Hook: #6
Weight: Approx. 60 Lbs. (Filled)
👊 2 parts, the bottom is used to add weight to water or sand to keep it stable on the ground, and the upper part is used to inflate to help you train your skills. Includes 1 inlet, 3 air launch pockets (neck and body need to be inflated separately)
LIIIIIIKES Olympic Adapter Sleeve features a hex bolt lock-down for long lasting performance and security to your weight storage pegs. Hex key included.
[Fitness and Releases Stress] The inflatable column provides a quick and powerful rebound, It can withstand kicks and punches, and will always bounce back up quickly. It's a great way to relieve stress or enjoy interacting with children.
Mega-Value Set: This boxing equipment set includes 1 x floor to ceiling bag (7” diameter when inflated), 2 x adjustable bungee cords 41”, 4 x carabiners, 1 x pump, 1 x carry bag, 1 x installation kit, and 1 x user’s manual for easy setup
【Practical gift】 The size of the storage car is 35.43 x 27.56 x 27.56 inches (overall size), which is easy to assemble and store. It is the best gift for schools, communities, friends and children.
➤TWO BIG SIDE POCKETS: Pockets are deep enough to store your phone, keys and cards, easy to access.
Secure Workout: The smooth, wide textured handle of kettlebell provides a comfortable and secure grip for high reps, making chalk no longer necessary
MULTI PURPOSE: The DALLX Punching Bag is ideal for anybody who is casually working out, preparing for MMA, constructing a home gym, or speed/endurance training. Its flexible durability and supreme design assure that it will always perform regardless of your skill level.
POWERFUL RACK: MAJOR LUTIE Power Cage combines a weight cage, squat rack, and Cable Crossover Machine which provides a total body workout without switching between different exercise stations. The max weight capacity of this weight cage is up to 1400lbs.
👊 SPRINGS BACK IN PLACE WITH EASE: Designed for optimal and safe use, our free standing boxing bag features a strong, durable spring at the base of the shaft. This allows the spring mounted punching bag to bounce back into position every time after every hit.
Shock Absorption System - The dual TPU shock absorbers and 4 springs achieve 360° shock absorption, offering a flexible rebound and comfortable hitting experience.
Fit Any Level of Yoga: 72 x 24 inches size offers adequate space for yoga beginners or advanced yogis, from basic stretching to hot yoga and Pilates, and you can unlock most types of yoga postures on this workout mat for women
❖ 100% MONEY BACK SAFE BUY: Order now, with a peace of mind; RISK FREE; Your purchase is backed by our exclusive 1 Year protection and 90 Days Money Back protection; Either you love the product or you are entitled to a 100% refundhelp.
Microfiber
💪【Digital Shooting Points】Professional 5 digital shooting points, used for kicking and boxing position comparison, to help correct exercise posture, achieve maximum exercise, suitable for beginners and professionals.
Fill with natural kapok stuffing for soft and more resilient than cotton batting
Enjoy better shock resistance and absorbency while exercising when this punching bag is filled with a high-density shredded poly-fiber material
KIDS PUNCH BAG FREE STANDING-Very suitable for children over 5 years old and adult, to make them happy, keep moving and exercise, improve speed and strength, and relieve stress or anger in a sporty and safe way. Ideal for fitness, improve coordination and flexibility, burn calories and reduce stress, while increasing flexibility and hand‑eye coordination.
5-in-1 HEAVY PUNCHING BAG SET -- Punching boxing bag set comes with an UNFILLED punching bag, boxing gloves, hand bandages, hooks and chains; Empty bag design allows you to choose the filling according to your training needs
★CAN BE FILLED DIFFERENTLY - 3-section wall bags can have each section filled differently. This gives a different feel when striking the different sections.
Item Package Dimensions: 14" L X 19" W X 25" H
[Safe and reliable] The inflatable punching bag can release the pressure of the child, With an inflatable boxing bag, it will accompany the children to grow up healthily and happily And to help hyperactive children release energy, safe and reliable high-quality products.
✅CAN HOLD UP TO 135LBS: The dip belt rogue can stand up to the stress caused by holding extremely heavy weights. The Chin-up Bar Weightlifting Belt has been fully tested by a wide range of athletes and is also proving extremely popular in commercial gym surrounds where there are high usage and stress on the pull-up bar belt, weightlifting belt for men or women.
Weather Resistant – Rain or shine, play your favorite games in all types of weather. The LED lights and batteries are safe and secure inside a battery cell protecting it from any incoming water, keeping it from getting damged.
MADE FOR STRENGTH TRAINING: Weighs 70 pounds and measures 24 inches in diameter and 60 inches long
<p>★ BOOST YOUR POTENTIAL - Get to the peak performance with a combination of agility ladder to gain body control and rhythm, cones to develop coordination, and parachute to increase resistance and speed. Use it regularly and see the results quickly.</p>
Size/ Weight: 80 Lbs. (13" x 60")
Grippy not Slippy: IUGA Mat has double-sided non-slip surfaces so you can perform any movement with confidence. Exclusive designed “Bone” pattern underside stops mat from sliding on floor. The subtly textured surface prevents hands and feet from slipping out of position so you can hold poses no matter how vigorous your practice gets.
【Happy Playing Time】: Hey! The fun boxing party begins! There's no better day for a kid than spending time boxing with their best friends or siblings! Even you can join the party and throw a few punches. Portable and easily installed, the boxing bag can be used indoors and outdoors. Your little angels won't be bored while traveling or camping!
RECOMMENDATION FOR BETTER GRIP / TRADITIONAL YOGIS We highly recommend at the beginning of your practice, lightly spray water on the top surface of the mat.
MAXIMUM COMFORT - Our breathable, sweat-managing VaporActive fabric transfers moisture away from your body keeping you feeling fresh & dry. The gaiter is soft and has a light weight fabric design making it easy to wear.
If you have any questions, please contact us, we will reply you within 24 hours.
Filled or Unfilled. True 6ft long (72”) muay thai punching bag. Made of top quality 22oz heavy duty polyester coated vinyl material, this material is more durable than genuine leather.
92% Rayon, 8% Spandex
Made durable to provide you enough cushion and protection on all your poses, exercises or fitness routine. Perfect use for yoga, pilates, floor workouts, stretching, abdominal exercises and meditation
Sold as single
EASY TO CLEAN: We recommend hand-washing to extend the life of your mat. If you choose to machine wash, please do so on a gentle cycle and hang to dry away from direct sunlight.
Designed with the finest craftsmanship and highest quality material, handmade from Mexico.
Adjustable and flexible - the distance between the two branches is adjustable. You can unfold or hold it to fit your half ball balance traine. It can hold up to 20 pounds. Very sturdy and durable. You should never worry about falling.
NEW ECO-FRIENDLY MATERIAL - Saphirose yoga mat is made of advanced TPE friendly materials. Free of any harmful chemicals such as latex and phthalates. Compared with traditional yoga mats made of PVC, NBR, and EVA materials, it is softer, lighter, and more elastic.
NATURAL AND SUSTAINABLE: At JadeYoga, we prioritize environmental consciousness. Our Travel Yoga Mat is crafted from responsibly sourced natural rubber, extracted from rubber trees. This mat does not contain PVC, phthalates, heavy metals, or other harmful chemicals. Keep your mat fresh with our plant-based mat wash, ensuring a hygienic experience. By choosing our mat, you contribute to a greener future.
POWERFUL PRACTICE - Able to withstand powerful punches and rigorous workouts
Constructed from 100% genuine leather with reinforced seams
Solid bag made of durable synthetic leather construction is easy to clean and will hold up to your most powerful assault in your home or commercial gym
PURCHASE RISK FREE; We offer a lifetime manufacturer warranty and a 90 day return policy for any reason; If you are unhappy with our grounding products in any way, we will replace your grounding pad hassle free
AUGMENTED STRAP STRENGTH The 3CM looped strap has nylon lining along with the Maya Hide outer material, which makes it highly durable while the 4 rivets ensure that the strap is well adjusted in its place. The boxers and athletes can train with better accuracy and speed while working with the fast punching speed bag.
Upholstery-grade fabrics are durable and long lasting with convenient handles on both ends
☺PROMOTE FRIENDSHIP Camo walkie talkies has 22 channels, 3-mile transmission distance, flashlight, VOX hands-free and lock screen function. Children can choose a private channel of communication, keep some interesting secrets with their friends, or they can explore the outside world and gain self-confidence and social skills.
Provides resistance for walks, shuffles, lunges and more
"MADE IN THE USA: Our yoga mats are manufactured in the USA, with imported rubber sourced responsibly. Our commitment to excellence is reflected in its manufacturing process, prioritizing quality and environmental responsibility. Expect durable and dependable mats designed for daily practice, Pilates, workouts, and other fitness activities. "
Durable material, long service life.
* INSPIRATIONAL BASEBALL BRACELET * The baseball bracelet suitable for the pursuit of sport baseball jewellery,this bracelet would be a great gift that makes unique and personal gift ideas¡ê?
【Multi-Functional】Perfect storage and display stand for workout equipment like exercise mat, workout bands, or jump rope; bath and hand towel holder for bathroom storage.
SUIT FOR:The punch bag will enhance your endurance, speed and accuracy.Suitable for boxing, wushu and fitness. It is available at home and at the gym.
Package height :58.42 cm
Each ball is individually shaped and balanced for rebound accuracy, Tough construction
BENEFIT:The punch bag will enhance your endurance, speed and accuracy.
【Heavy -Dduty Wire Mesh Design】TYBONDER heavy-duty mesh gym equipment holder is made of solid iron wire. It is strong and firm enough to bear heavy-duty weight. You can use bottom 3 towel hooks to hang yoga strap,chains, jump ropes, resistance bands, workout mat,knee support mat,headbands,exercise equipment etc.
MULTIFUNCTIONAL: Why should you choose our punching bag with stand? Because it can help you or your kid relax after a stressful day while working out. Kicking and punching the target punching bag will help you strengthen your muscles and train your kicks at the same time.
SMALL AND LARGE SIZE BUNDLE FOR MAXIMUM IMPACT; Place your grounding mat on your desk and use it as a mouse pad or under your feet while you watch TV; put it on top of your yoga mat and quickly get into the zone; get grounded while you are sleeping and wake up feeling refreshed and revitalized
【Perfect Customer Service】If you are not satisfied with the product, please contact us, MULIN provides you with quality assurance and the best solution.
Easy to Install: This gym equipment storage comes with two 1.5-inch black screws, two black washers, and two universal wall anchors; screw holes are precisely measured for mounting into wall studs
🎁Comfortable and breathable material: This Waist Trainer is elastic and fits perfectly around you. The material is soft, breathable and comfortable to wear. It won't cause you any discomfort while exercising, but it will help you create a fitness body. Our arm training belt is made of high grade latex free neoprene for ultimate thermal insulation.
【Perfect Size】The yoga mat size is 70.8 x 26 inch and thickness is 1/32 inch, which is light weight. The yoga mat is a perfect accessory on your travel.
Features reinforced seams for added strength
Absorbent vegan suede top layer helps provide better grip
UNPREDICTABLE RESPONSE - Emulate real opponents with our counterweight hanging punching bag, delivering unique movements with every punch, improving your reflexes and focused striking.
ANTI BURST & SLOW DEFLATION - Our exercise ball is made with the honey comb structure which makes it deflate slowly and burst resistant if punctured, thus reducing the risks of injury due to falls to the ground and offering you the most caring protection like your endearing mom’s!
MULTI-ENVIRONMENT UTILITY – The high-quality material and industrial-grade stitching combine to provide a punching bag and bag mitts that can be used outdoors as well as indoors.
What's inside?—1 fabric dart board(14 inches) with bright colors, 12 sticky balls in four colors(3 blue, 3 red, 3 yellow and 3 green),The children have no worry about losing the ball because these 12 hook-and-loop balls can be 100% firmly attached to the board.Easy to maneuver, even for little hands,2 Sticky Hooks which can be used in different places and suitable for varied scenes, Colored box packing is perfect for any gift ideal.
Size/Weight/Height: (14” x 72”), Weight is Approximately 150 lbs, 6ft
✅ LARGE SQUARE YOGA MAT FOR FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT: Our extra wide yoga mat turns any room or floor into a professional home workout space. A 6 X 6 foot mat ideally suited for low-impact barefoot exercise such as Yoga, Pilates, Stretching and movement. A non-slip yoga mat designed for freedom of movement. Lots of it.
No lemon policy, if we are unable to repair, we will replace
Soft, excellent flexibility, can reduce the pain of the body in contact with the ground, slip effects and excellent toughness and high tensile strength.
VERSATILE AND FUNCTIONAL – At 4.5 inches long, the multi-purpose sweat band can be used under your gym gloves, hand grips, gymnastics grips, wrist wraps, straps, fitness tracker, or smartwatch. It protects your wrist from scratches, cuts, and blisters. This added comfort keeps you focused on lifting instead of constantly adjusting the gear on your wrist.
Improve your striking technique: Great tool to improve striking technique and power
Ideal Yoga Block for yogis from beginners to the advanced: Yoga blocks are ideal for yoga students of all levels. They help beginners perform postures that would be too difficult, while more advanced practitioners can use them to improve strength, balance, and alignment supported back bends and certain standing and sitting poses.
Learning Through Play: All pieces of our solar robot toys are made with non-toxic ABS materials for long lasting, parts are smooth without raw edge, ensuring kids play safer and reassure parents. Great robot toys encourage your child to learn through play, teach children to use environmentally friendly solar energy instead of electric energy.
FULLY ADJUSTABLE NO-FALL FIT– With 16 easily detachable knots, the smart weighted hula hoop fit can easily be adjusted for a custom fit for your regular or plus size. It is suitable for people with waistlines between 31”- 47”.
Full steel frame packed with multi-layered mixed density foam padding
Base can be filled with sand or water for stability; Sand has proven to be more effective for larger childrenGood stability, Bottom thickened, Collapsible for easy mobilityls.
【High-Quality & Durable Materials】: This punching bag is designed with a 4-layer construction, including: thickened stainless steel tube, selected fabric buffer, high resilient pearl cotton and premium PU leather. The tear-resistant and rapid-rebound features not only reduce the possibility of bruising the wrist, but also allow it to withstand long-term hard kicks and punches.
🥊POPULAR GIFTS FOR CHILDREN - Kids boxing bag set makes the ideal girl&boy gift toys for ages 3-12 for any occasion. Give as a birthday or holidays (Children's day, Christmas, Halloween, Thanksgiving & New Year) present for kids, a job is well done, your thoughtful gift will put a big smile on a cute little face.
SLIP-PROOF – the purple yoga block is for the high intensity sweat of a hot Bikram session. The beveled edges provide comfort and make these essentials for any yogi hitting the mat, whether they are beginners or advanced.
Full 1/4" thick--riveted swivel loop insures durability
long sleeve dress for women sequin dress for women plus size dress for women velvet dress for women winter dress for women party dress for women wedding guest dress for women boho dress for women halloween dress for women halloween costume for women vintage halloween dress for women retro cocktail party dress 1950s vintage cocktail dress
SOLID CONSTRUCTION: The punching bag features a durable shock-absorbing foam core encased in a long-lasting synthetic leather shell, ensuring durability and longevity.
RUGGED AND DURABLE: Our inflatable sandbag has a sturdy PVC structure, a leak-proof base, and the cup-making principle, you can easily enjoy the boxing process
1.Eco Friendly Material. No latex, no PVC, non-toxic or any harmful chemicals. Get a healthy yoga mat for yourself.
Top: FCS mix-certified rubber from responsibly managed forests.
🥊 STABLE FLOOR BASE - Weighs 270 Lbs Filled With Sand Or Water. Base Is More Stable With Sand
Two Size for You: We provide 47 inch and 63 inch punching bag, great for both keeping fit or for using as a stress buster and can be used both adults and children.
Striking Design
[Incredible build quality] Made with aluminum handles, strong compressing springs, and 4T iron; GD Iron grip is sturdy as a tank. GD aims for high quality and perfect craftsmanship. This durable and safe hand strengthener is the only grip strength trainer you will ever need.
FULLY LOADED COMMERCIAL GRADE WALL MOUNT BRACKET for Punch Bags is designed to sustain the heaviest loads. The Angular attachments on each side controls the movement of the bag.
UNIQUE DESIGN Print created by an artist Agne Sare located in Barcelona. You buy ART not only the mat. This yoga mat is a piece of art and can be aesthetic gift for your beloved ones.
Comes complete with professional steel swivel
BAG STAND INCLUDED: Bag stand features heavy-duty, powder-coated steel tubing for superior stability; Includes 3 weight plate pegs for maximum strength and durability
5. multiple uses.can be used for various sports, you could used in the gym, or home fitness exercise.
Excellent Care - Cipton takes responsibility of all quality-related issues. Please feel free to contact our customer support team when you have any question, and you can be sure of our prompt response.
Very good quality
Portable Size: measuring 17.4” × 3.74”, great for all levels, helps you focus and push the limits, fits most standard Olympic sizes bars. Lightweight, Fits perfectly in your gym bag.
Fillable Base: the base of this boxing bag accepts either water or sand, keeping the bag in place. When empty, the boxing punching bag is easy move with a side handle for easy carrying.
EXTRA THICK + 6” LONGER AND TWICE AS THICK AS MOST MATS - Measures 74" x 24" x 6mm; perfect for all shapes, sizes and ages. Lightweight and easy to transport - extra comfort and floor coverage without the extra bulk.
COMFORTABLE TO WEAR - We designed this oxygen mask with sturdy breathable elastic straps, comfortable to wear during exercises
【MULTIPLE USES】you can fold it and put it in the compact drawstring bag and lightweight enough to bring anywhere: the beach, gym, studio, pilates, or traveling, use as a towel or cushion. It is essential in yoga, it will greatly extend the life of your yoga mat, and keep your body and mat clean.
SAFE & MULTIFUNCTIONAL. As it's working on the physical evaporation of moisture, no chemicals are used during the making process. It's perfect for sports fans into golf, swimming, football, workout, gym and fitness, also works for fever or headache therapy, heatstroke prevention, sunscreen protection, cooling while absorbing. Keep yourself cool during hot summer days, workout sessions, outdoor adventures or when someone has a migraine.
CREATIVE 3D ILLUSION LAMP - 2020 New 3D illusion LED nigh light with cute design to give you amazing 3D visual effect, providing you with more comfortable and delicate light. You won't feel down in dark and your baby won't feel scared when wake up at night.
【Boxing Gloves & Hand Wraps Included】This kids punching bag set is equipped with 8 oz boxing gloves and two 95” hand wraps for comprehensive protection during training, effectively avoiding wrist sprain, knuckle bruise, palm hurt and so on. The boxing gloves are designed with hook and loop fasteners and ventilating holes for great comfort.
🔥Men Sauna Sweat Vest: 🔥SWEAT THREE TIMES MORE🔥 High quality 2.1mm sweat neoprene fabric tones core by increasing thermal temperature and calorie burn to maximize weight loss performance. This waist trainer vest will stimulate sweating around your abdomen and lower back area, accelerate the belly fat burning process and help you lose water weight to shape and reduce the waist and abdomen, and get a strong core and really great abs!
LIFESIZE TARGET - Mannequin is 30” tall and approx. 20” wide (width and diameter vary at head, neck, chest, waist)
❤ PERSONALIZED WOODEN LED LIGHT SIGN: custom made drumset wall decor light, available in different colors and engraved with any name up to 10 characters long
The sandbag is empty, can put things like rag, saw dust, sand, beans in it. After padded, the sandbag can absorb shock to decrease the impacts and protect your bones.
❥【Great With Any Workout】- People Love it Because it is stretch bands are ideal for assisting in Sports Athletes, Seniors, Physical Therapy, Rehabilitation, Wrestling, Bodybuilding, Pilates, Yoga, Kickboxing, Crossfit and so on. They are also perfect for use by women after birth to keep their bodies in shape.
This Kick training shield offers reinforced, riveted handles so the pad can be used and held in a variety of different ways and angles. Strategically placed handles allow you to practice low kicks, midsection kicks, high kicks and a variety of different knees, easily and naturally. You won’t have to adjust your kicking or kneeing style just to land the strikes.
Available in shoe sizes 5-9 and 8-12
Training bag stand holds any size bag up to 100 lbs.
Durable PU leather cover, heavy duty structure steel frame.
❀ This product uses a streamlined design of polyvinyl chloride safe and non-toxic material without any outstanding safety protection. Wear-resistant, smooth seams, increased water at the bottom, easy to use, and play with inflatables. Keep it from falling down This project has a white plastic cover at the bottom, you can open it and put in air, water or sand; it's okay and easy to use. Use Method: First, fill the bottom of the sandbag with rice, sand or water, then fill the top chamber with gas.
Weight Lifting Gloves with Wrist Support: The long wrist wraps will keep your wrist in a safe position, and help tremendously with the strain on your wrist with lifting, you may feel tight but it’s safe
Large Wide Kids Play Yoga Mat: 26” x 71”. Longer and wider than regular yoga mats, ideal almost for everyone. If you have more than one child, then this will be very suitable for children's yoga experience.
TRANSFORM YOUR PRACTICE - Premium special edition mat featuring a bold and beautiful rainbow variant of our unique system.
Decompression, appropriate boxing can effectively release the pressure and make the body and mind healthier.
NATURAL MATERIALS: Our yoga mats are made entirely from toxin-free materials with no PVC, phthalates, heavy metals, or other harsh chemicals. It's simple to clean, and we recommend JadeYoga's plant-based Mat Wash, so you can focus on self-care and having a good workout.
STURDY ENOUGH:The double-stitched seam is solid and delicate, you don't need to worry it would split or tear.Top sealing used zipper stitching, ensuring convenient padding.
yoga blocks for men, yoga blocks for wrists, 2 yoga blocks, yoga carrying strap
EASY TO USE - Quickly add or remove plates to adjust your free weights to the desired weight for you next work out
Intended for multi-angle punching and training
Cow hide leather material is lined inside with 4 layers of poly cotton material
Double layer HeatGear fabric on back of hand for added stretch & support
☺WHAT DO YOU GET? 2 Kids Walkie Talkies, 2 Paracord Bracelets, 2 Straps, User Manual. Kids toys for boys and girls in any indoor or outdoor activities. If you have any questions, please contact us and we will reply within 6 hours. We LOVE our customers and we will always be here if you need us.
✔ After sales service ✔ If you have any questions, please contact us . We will be reply in 24 hours.Our team will promise 90-day products exchange or money back guarantee. Thank you for your support.
💗【New Eco Friendly Material】TPE is the latest technological improvement to the traditional yoga mats. No latex, no PVC, or any heavy metal. Our SGS certified TPE material which is non-slip, odor-less and excellent in cushioning
Protection in all directions: 7 pieces of thickened EVA sponges in the goalkeeper shirt for the front chest, spleens, arms and elbows protection. 6 pieces of thickened EVA sponges in the goalkeeper pant for the thighs and knees protection.
Heritage Label
Complete with long-life inner bladder
SUSTAINABLE RUBBER: Jade yoga mats are made in the USA with imported natural rubber tapped from rubber trees, a rapidly renewable resource.
High Quality: Weight plates were made of Silicon Steal Sheet, was powder coated for anti-rust without any foul smell. Durable handle anti-slip texture, which would not rusty and provide more safety.
Weighted for stability and bounce back action
This helps prevent bursting, creates an air-tight seal, and makes the addition or removal of filler bags quick and easy
FULL PALM PROTECTION & ANTI-SLIP - RYMNT weight lifting glove adopts full palm padding provide comfort, grip, and durability, also enhanced protection against training abrasions such as calluses and blisters. Silicone anti-slip beans provide friction to keep weights safely in your grasp; you can focus on your form and not on keeping hold of the bars
[Provide support, each step]: When paving, the size of the foam pad is 185CM x 65CM x 0.4CM. To provide you with a good yoga experience and comfort is the best gift you can give to your family.
SOLID CONSTRUCTION - The trainer is built with high-quality powder-coated and stainless steel construction that is durable and long-lasting. It features precision bearings for perfect movement and offers 16 adjustments up and down to accommodate users of different heights and skill levels.
LIGHTWEIGHT - At just over 1-pound, this extra thick yoga mat is extremely lightweight and ideal for all types of yoga, Pilates and floor work outs in and out of the home to provide the cushioning and support your body needs.
4 IN 1: Uniquely designed with 3 different heights (16x14x12”- (LxWxH)), the plyometric box allows you to control the level of difficulty in the jump box exercise
Multifunction - Strength training wrist & ankle weights is ideal for home workouts, walking, jogging, core strength training, cross training, aerobics, gym, and many other fitness workouts. Adjustable weights perfect both for beginners as well as experienced athletes for a variety of exercises. Leg weights can strengthen your legs, burn calories and fat, tone your lower-body muscles.
Material: Durable and environmental material. Non-toxic TPE yoga mat is certified safe for human contact.
2 parts, the bottom is used to add weight to water or sand to keep it stable on the ground, and the upper part is used to inflate to help you train your skills. Includes 1 inlet, 3 air launch pockets (neck and body need to be inflated separately)
Anti Fatigue Support – We Sell Mats foam floor tiles offer great support for your joints by reducing strain on feet, knees, and back during standing work positions, making them ideal for use on any hard flooring surface.
The stitching is solid and delicate, you don't need to worry it would split or tear. Metal buckles can firmly connect the sandbag and metal chain
✅ It has attached pocket that is integrated on the mat : Say goodbye to the hassle of carrying a separate prayer mat bag. The Pocket Sejadah features a cleverly integrated attached pocket right on the mat itself, ensuring you never lose your mat's accompanying bag. This innovative design element not only adds to the mat's portability but also keeps your prayer essentials secure and organized. Simply fold the mat back into the attached pocket, and you're ready to go. Embrace all-in-one solution.
Weight: 1/2 oz. (14g)
HIGH DENSITY POLYETHYLENE MATERIAL: Constructed of recyclable high quality polyethylene capable of supporting up to 300 pounds; suitable for indoor and outdoor use.
💪【Yoga Mat】 Small 15 Mm Thick And Durable Yoga Mat Anti-Skid Sports Fitness Mat Anti-Skid Mats To Lose Weight.
PERFECT FOR EXERCISE: Made for superior performance, this non-slip yoga mat is perfect for anyone! Whether you practice high-impact Vinyasa, want extra comfort for Restorative or meditation, or need support for pilates and stretching, these exercise mats are ideal for anybody. Our colorful yoga mats are designed with an emphasis on performance with beautiful, contemporary design.
THICK SEAMLESS DESIGN: Specially formulated resilient soft shell which is rotationally molded for a seamless construction to add more durability and ensure it cannot be split over time of use
3 Seconds Weights Change: One-handed operation design, convenient for fast changing dumbbells' weight during training. Turn the handle with one hand, adjust to desirable weights in 3 seconds.
Five kinds of intensity loop band that can be used by beginners to skilled people
SIZE & PACKING: Fits for 7-10 years old big kids. Each plastic zipper bag contains one pair of funny socks.
OPTIMUM THICKNESS: 6mm in thickness offers the most comfortable experience for all levels yoga. Most mats are either too thin or too thick. TOPLUS yoga mats are guaranteed to provide the optimal level of cushion and protection for your joints and knees while still allowing you to grip the floor for balance.
★ VERSATILE ★ – These bars are best-sellers because they are affordable, functional, and perfect for athletes from every fitness domain. They can withstand the demands of aerobic and anaerobic exercises. That’s why we include 2 knurl marks per bar – for power and Olympic lifts.
PROFESSIONAL YOGA MAT FOR ALL FITNESS FANS – Stylish Yoga Mat for men, women, and children. Ideal for yoga, pilates, and general ground exercises. Can be used by both beginners and advanced yoga fans.
LARGE STORAGE - Our stand can be adjusted to fit most half ball balance traine. And the stand is made of sturdy metal with super load-bearing capacity. Will not cause the stand to deform or sag. The black coating provides extra protection. No Damage or Scratches to your ball.
💪★ Easy to Use and Store ★ – One-piece molding eliminates the trouble of installation. The Round dumbbells can be placed anywhere. Saving your space. You don’t have to worry about it rolling at will. It can be stood upright on the end to maintain stability and balance.
YOUR WRIST, YOUR STYLE – Available in small, medium, and large, you can choose the size that perfectly fits your wrist. You can also slide the wristband up your arm and use it as an armband because of its stretch fabric. Each package comes with 2 PAIRS of wristbands in unique color combinations to match your gear. They can be machine washed or hand washed and machine or air-dried.
Features a holiday camper van toy with furnished interior, an opening side panel and removable roof for hands-on vacation role play
【High Density 】The high density padded mat will protect knees, elbows and feet from hard floors while protecting the floor underneath you.
Light weight, small size, easy to carry.
👊Great Boxing Bag: 65" in height. The inflatable punching bag adopted the principle of the tumbler. It will bounce again as soon as it has been hit and keep standing. Perfect for kids over 5 years old and adults. A great workout game at home with your children.
WAFFLED SURFACE: Creates a non-slip texture, offering a soft surface even when layered with hardwood or concrete floors
IDEAL FOR BASEBALL AND SOFTBALL: The Guardian Bolt youth turf baseball shoes feature a low-top design for extreme comfort and mobility. We have colors for boys and girls in all sizes and they can be worn as either youth baseball turf shoes or softball turf shoes.
Premium Material - The speed ball with the latest diamond texture design, bright appearance, soft texture. Superior PU leather and heavy-duty latex bladder increase durability and functionality.
🎁【𝗠𝗨𝗟𝗧𝗜𝗣𝗟𝗘 𝗢𝗖𝗖𝗔𝗦𝗜𝗢𝗡𝗦】: This fitness equipment storage not only used as storage for garage, gym, personal home gym, basements, home, field, fitness club, athletic departments, and storage rooms, but also used as storage for fitness equipment, like dumbbells, yoaga mat, kettlebell, yoga column, and so on. Stay organized with this functional rack and place your sports and fitness equipment in the right place.
Super Thick - Super Long - Super Wide : 【Super Size】 72" x 24" inch ; Thickness: 1/4" inch ; Weight : 2.6 Lb, offers adequate space to fit any type of exercise like yoga, pilates, bikram and fitness exercise, Offers the most comfortable experience for all level Yogis,1/4”inch extra thick, high density provides excellent cushioning and resilience.
SUITABLE FOR ALL OCCASIONS: Junlan fitness vest is with U-type design, it allows you to wear sports bra underneath,and it’s easy to pack in you Gym bag, suitable for running, yoga, hiking and home fitness!
【BEST TRAINING EQUIPMENT FOR HOME】- Perfect hanging heavy bag for MMA, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Karate, Taekwondo, etc. The bag can hold up most powerful assault in your home or commercial gym and bring you or your kids a very fun time.
【What You Get？】1*Yoga mats(72"x24" x0.25" , 2.16 pounds), 1*mat storage bag and 1*carrying strap, which can help you strap up your mat and go out. We accept return for full money refund with 90 days and provide friendly life-long customer service.
PREMIUM QUALITY - Made of high‑quality PU material, durable and long service life. The special material and special design make our ball lighter and softer than tennis. Don’t worry about hurting your fist or face.
✧Sports Gift: This mat is suitable for yoga, Pilates, floor exercises and other sports. You can give it to teachers who teach these sports or friends who love these sports
Measures 32 by 21 by 37 inches (L x W x H) and weighs 38 pounds
Adjustable Height 27.2-41.3
Get your complete resistance bands set now: You’ll feel 100% satisfaction from the moment you received the booty exercise bands set. They are available in pink, blue and green colors. We are quite sure that you will be super-impressed with the durability, portability, versatility and high quality of our booty exercise bands.
Lens width: 52 millimeters
Safe and skin-friendly materials: The high-quality, non-slip EVA material ensures that the mat never slips during use and prevents injury. Thick enough to protect the spine, hips, knees and elbows, while allowing you to grasp the hard floor and keep your balance. Soft and light, it can be rolled up and stored in compact spaces. Ideal for abdominal training, yoga, pilates, indoor and outdoor exercises.
FIT MOST WIDE DOORWAYS: With its width of 36 inches, the pull up bar is compatible with king studs ranging from 34” to 38”. At least 38” of minimum width is required for installation
DURABLE CONSTRUCTION: The freestanding punching column together with the base has a strong stability which can withstand heavy punches and kicks without falling. The multilayer PVC material is durable and resistant, yet soft enough not to hurt the puncher.
Made of high quality material, wrinkle resistant and wear resistant. Refined spring, high speed rebound, long service life.
Perfectly symmetrical, aerodynamically shape and ideal 5”x7” in size
OPTIMIZE YOUR WORKOUTS: Ideal for core training alongside your standard workout routine, incorporate neck exercises into your regimen to train stability through multiple planes at different angles.
HIGH QUALITY STEEL CONSTRUCTION: Yes4All King stud Chin Up Bar is made of stainless steel material with black powder coating, preventing rust and corrosion, offering maximum durability
★ NO SWEAT GUARANTEE ★ – Leave the sweating and swearing for your training! Buying from Synergee means quick, hassle-free, and caring customer service! Plus, we offer a better-than-money-back guarantee: if there is an issue with your product for any reason, we will send you a new one quickly and absolutely FREE! 100% Customer Satisfaction is our Number 1 Goal!
Each bag comes filled ready for use and easy to use snap hooks
100% Risk-Free Experience: This double end bag set has the BOXERPOINT signature quality that guarantees long-lasting performance and is backed with 1-Year Full Refund Warranty, for your peace of mind.
RAISE YOUR REFLEX - With unpredictability and reboundsis, our boxing reflex ball is the to enhance reflexes, response speed and hand‑eye coordination. It can also conditions your arms, chest, shoulders, and upper back, let you enjoy the fun activities and get exercise at the same time.
NON SLIP SURFACE - The Swiss ball is not picky at all when it comes to the practice venue - be it home, the gym or outdoors, the premium slip prevention will leave you feeling safe and your movements worry free. Not to mention it’s one-thing-for-all - Pilates, Yoga, pregnancy gymnastics or various other low-impact exercises, you name it. And don’t forget the total body exercise ball HIIT cardio workout!
other
🧩 UNLIKE OTHER PUZZLE BOX TOYS that turn out DISAPPOINTING & DULL, the patented, AWARD-WINNING Shashibo Sensory box features 36 RARE EARTH MAGNETS for an INNOVATIVE design that transforms into OVER 70 SHAPES. Fits comfortably in the hand for hours of MIND-CHALLENGING fun, STIMULATE the senses with UNLIMITED creative possibility! CAN YOU MASTER THE SHAPE-SHIFTING BOX?
LIGHTWEIGHT AND EASY TO CLEAN - The mat is lightweight and portable. Simply roll up and you are set to go. It is easy to clean - use mild soapy water and allow to air dry.
Torso shape heavy bag provides developing accuracy with stand up strikes, thai-clinch techniques and shooting skills, great product for clinch knee kick drills.
Package Weighted vest x 1
Leather boxing dodge practice bag, durable and perfect for Pendulum training, MMA skills training.
QUICK GAME OF SMART QUESTIONS - Divide yourselves up in teams, or play one on one, and ask up to 10 questions to guess the Marvel character on the Game Card! Can she fly? Is he a part of the Avengers? Be the first player to win 7 Game Cards!
🏃‍♀️ Glide Without Hindrance: Our hover soccer ball is incredibly flexible and can glide effortlessly on any smooth surface, without scratching your floors or damaging your furniture. With the power of 4 AA batteries, it can last longer than other similar products.
Lightweight Workout Yoga Mat: 1.9lb. Storage bag included. Fold up easily, making it the ideal travel yoga mat.
PRETTY COMFY PULLEY HANDLES: The gym handles are really soft and feel extremely comfortable. they can support heavy weight and plenty big enough for big hands.Wide handles with just the right amount of soft cushioning.
This heavy bag is handmade in the USA from thread to finish and filled only with textiles made from cotton material to ensure a comfortable hitting surface for professional and amateur and professional use.
Safe and Convenient Storage: Maintain comfort and ease of movement while conveniently storing your earbuds, keys, money, cards, medications, lipstick, and other daily items.
Patterned from the revolutionary wall mounted bag, created by the world renowned trainer
NON-SLIP CORK surface becomes more stable with heat & sweat offering the best grip for any pose.
👊【Best choice of combo】Just Spend a lump sum of money, you will get a full set of boxing equipment, a freestanding punching bag and a pair of 12oz Professional Grade boxing gloves, saving your time and money.
Lightweight and easy to install workout equipment for your home or commercial gym
[TPE Eco-Friendly Material] : Our LASMFJZK yoga mat is made from TPE material, which is no PVC and irritating smell, as well as more soft, skin-friendly and light weight. Recyclable and avoid environmental pollution.
ALL ABOUT THE MOVES - Loose basketball short silhouette designed for easy movement.
🥊 ADJUSTABLE SIZES - 7 Height Options From 47" To 68" In 3" Increments For Men, Woman And Kids
Bottom: 65% FSC mix-certified rubber, 35% recycled rubber.
Size: The size of this yoga mat is 70.8X26 inch and the thickness is 1 mm. It can be easily folded and can be put in your travel bag or suitcase, which is very light and convenient. Especially when traveling, you can take it with you at any time.
Gift for Young Boxers: The Boxerpoint karate punching bag comes in a stunning gift box, making it an excellent gift for boys and girls. The durable companion that will endure your child's training sessions and provide long-lasting enjoyment.
【Durable material】The high-speed rebound reaction target is made of thick high-quality steel pipe, which is not easy to rust, not easy to break, and is firm and durable.
📌LIFETIME WARRANTY & CUSTOMER SUPPORT – With Unmatched Quality and best in class Specification Eilison vibration platform machine provides you Lifetime warranty with full refund . For any Complaints and Queries regarding vibration plate please contact us..
High strength leatherette, triple layered construction: sturdy leather outside, Oxford in the middle, and one interlining
Free: Quality chain for hanging
Mounts to floor to secure bottom strap of your heavy bag or double-end bag
* durability & Convenient-- It was equipped with zipper seal, convenient and safe. The metal chain is sturdy and heavy duty, you can hang it wall or other tough item.
Sweat-wicking running tee with reflective details for easy wear
Easy to Clean - Clear organizers allow you to see through items inside, which is convenient for placement and use. Easy to wipe clean with soap and sponge when not in use.
Do not use if you have a latex allergy
2Pcs / packing Silver color
* PERFECT GIFTS * Designed for personal wearing or Perfect gift to give your Lover, husband, dad, boyfriend,brother,son ,nephew or yourself etc¡ê?Makes a fantastic choice for Christian,Anniversary, Birthday,Confirmation,Graduation, First Communion, Baptism or Any Special Occasions¡ê?
【FOLDABLE & SPACE-SAVING DESIGN】This exercise bike is specially designed to be easily folded to half of the assembled size to minimize the space it takes up. And equipped with portable wheels, the foldable exercise bike can be moved to anywhere easily. A wonderful home gym exercise bike for fitness enthusiast.
Machine Wash
Patent Pending Speed Ball comes with RDX elite swivel made from a high grade of stainless steel and constructed with quality bearings
WIDE, SMOOTH HANDLE: Smooth, high-quality textured steel handle of the kettlebell weights provides a comfortable and secure grip for high reps, makes chalk unnecessary for both men and women
【ACCENTUATE YOUR NATURAL CURVES】 This stomach shaper for women can gives you a sleek, hourglass-type silhouette and a flattering waistline,premium fabric provides maximum comfort without being irritating to the skin,easy to do things in! Also this waist trimmer for women can be used in postpartum recovery to aid with tummy control.
AMPLE STORAGE CAPACITY - This sports gear storage almost holds all your sports stuff: different sorts of balls, yoga mat, knee pad, stretch strap and more.
[Product List]You will get a boxing strength tester, a manual, a charging cable, two velcro straps, and our excellent after-sales service.
💪【Will Be Delivered in 2 Boxes】You will receive two separate packages and they may arrive independently. Overall Dimension: 64” x 47” x 87”. Maximum Load: 220lbs. The boxing set is easy to assemble by following the instructions step by step. solid and safe connection.
PORTABLE DESIGN & GREAT HOLIDAY GIFT: This freestanding punching ball can disassemble into compact size which is convenient to store after finishing boxing. Apart from that, this boxing equipment for training at home is a great gift for adults and children with its cool box.
💪🏻【High-quality】 Stainless steel tube stand, thickened PU leather Inflatable punching ball, and gloves with fabric buffer. The strong & durable spring allows the spring-mounted punching bag kids to bounce back into position every time after every hit.
Durable Material: The boxing bag is made of PU material, which is not easy to wear and break and withstand strong impact without hurting the hands. It can bring the best boxing experience for boxers.
superb texture
OKAY FOR HARDWOOD? - Absolutely. 6mm mats are ideal for hard floors. Not too thick, not too thin, the goldilox thickness. Enough padding even for foot plantar fasciitis.
DURABILITY AND RESILIENCE Durable Maya Hide leather is used to make this resilient speedball which is capable of bearing the impact from punches for a long time during MMA, Boxing, Kickboxing, and Muay Thai training sessions.
✔【Build Your Home Gym】: The unique design is ideal for home or apartment settings, or anywhere a traditional heavy bag cannot be hung from the ceiling. Also be moved or rolled to and from the workout area, making them virtually portable to keep the training area clear when not using. (Base filled with a ballast material like sand, gravel, or water for maximum stability)
REDUCE RISK OF HEAD INJURY: Designed for concussion prevention, Iron Neck provides rotational neck strength training which is essential for athletes exposed to rotational forces of impact.
👊 ADJUSTABLE HEIGHT STAND FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE: The height of the punching ball stand is adjustable from 48 inches to 58 inches to suit personal preferences. Easily adjustable to fit everyone’s needs, our punching ball is perfect for teens 13 and up, youth, adults, men and women to engage in a supreme boxing session.
👊[Free Standing Punching Bag]-The Punching Bag with Stands approx 70'' tall, a full-length punching bag suitable for whole family workout-adults, teens and kids punching and kicking.It's an essential for your boxing, MMA, martial arts, Muay Thai, Taekwondo and fitness needs.Maximize your exercise routine while getting an intense cardio workout, improving agility and overall strength.
Boxing Gloves, Headgear both are slip on style, easy to wear on and off
MULTI-PURPOSE GYM ORGANIZER-23inch Lx 5 inch Wx 2 inch H, 5 inch Long and Strong 11 prongs make it great resistance band holders,Jump Rope Holders,Workout Belts,form roller and yoga mat Storage.60°angled lip on the end to prevent your gym equipment from falling.
Made from durable vinyl leather
[Combines Exercise & Playtime] Children addicted to computers and mobile phones, Punching bag for kids can helps increase the motivation of children to exercise and avoid vision loss.Of course, it also includes adults who sit for a long time to relax their bodies and release stress.With an athletic and safe way to relief their stress or anger and have fun.
* PERSONAZLIED BASEBALL GIFT * The baseball bracelet suitable for the pursuit of sport baseball jewellery,this bracelet would be a great gift that makes unique and personal gift ideas¡ê?Width 0.6 Inches,Length 8.1 Inches,come with a free link removal tool,you could reduce the length by yourself.
Assembled Size: 32" x 20" x 31"
BE THE CHANGE: Join us in our mission to make a positive impact on the environment. For every mat sold, we plant a tree through our partnership with Trees for the Future. To date, we have planted over 2.5 million trees. By choosing the JadeYoga Travel Yoga Mat, you not only enhance your own practice but also contribute to a greener and healthier planet.
PVC-FREE - Made from a EVA Foam / TPE material, the mat gives a firm grounding without compromising on comfort, increasing stability for added traction and stronger poses.
ECO FRIENDLY: Emission-free, energy-efficient manufacturing.
Durable & Superior Material: Our folding yoga mats are comprised of microfiber and tree rubber that provides a superior, non-slip grip. It’s free of PVC, BPA, and phthalate. You won’t breathe in chemical when you pose. Your portable microfiber yoga mat will stay in place whether you’re doing exercises you can feel good. The rubber is anti-tear and easy to clean.
ADVANTAGES: Inflatable Bounce Back Punching Stand is perfect for exercise and unwinding, improving coordination and flexibility, burning calories and reducing stress, and are suitable for use at home, in the courtyard, and in the gym, among other places.
FEATURES – Easily slide and turn the CAP Barbell 2-Inch Olympic Plate Holders onto the CAP Barbell Power Rack Exercise Stand and store up to 300 LB of Olympic weight plates
GENUINE LEATHER! Premium Quality built to train like an Olympian!
★ Boxing bag can be easy installation and movement, unfilled heavy bag can be used for Home Gym Training. Canvas Punching Bag can hold up most powerful assault in your home or commercial gym and bring you or your kids a very fun time.
【Wide Compatible】:This universal treadmill safety key is suitable for almost 99% of treadmills, compatible with most top brands, including  Alliance, Pacemaster, Fitness Gear, Horizon, Bowflex, Landice, Lifespan, Livestrong, Merit, Pathfinder, Smooth, Sole, Sunny, Tempo, Triumph and Xterra. For size reasons, we can't guarantee that it is suitable for all treadmills. If there is any incompatibility, please contact us by Amazon message or consult us before purchasing.
After-sale Service: VEEHOO attaches great importance to customer experience, we also attach great importance to product quality, if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us, we'll provide you perfect solution.
Note: This product already filled with glass bead.
VERSATILE FITNESS EQUIPMENT – Designed for full-body training at home, this surge bench can be utilized to target multiple muscle groups. It allows you to perform a wide array of strength-training exercises that focus on the arms, legs, chest, and core.
SUPER-ELASTIC ROPE: Speed Bag comes with high elastic hanging rope,with strong extension and high elassticity.The ropes can connect the ball to the floor and ceiling, allowing the ball to move in all directions you want.
Size:71x 26 inch, 1mm Thick, Weight: 2 lbs,it's a portable and lightweight yoga mat.
THICK CUSHIONING - Designed for yoga, Pilates and general exercise, the 8mm fitness mat is both lightweight and rollable, making it ideal for home or studio use.
【Newly Designed Space Saving Hanger】 - Each clothing hanger has 5 slots to prevent clothes from slipping and falling. Our cascading hangers also feature swiveling 360 degree rotating hooks with a wide diameter to fit a large range of closet rack rods.
【NON-SLIP, SECURE AND STABLE】: Double-layer design perfectly matches for your core strength, posture, balance, and flexibility exercises. Embossed surface ensures stability during all types of training. Perfect for hot yoga, ab crunches, or Pilates as well as yoga floor and standing poses.
Durable & Stable Spring: The bottom of the boxing stand is equipped with durable springs. After every punch, the boxing ball can easily bounce back to its original position, always keep fighting.
✧Material: The yoga mat is made of high-quality TPE material. TPE has high density, high elasticity, no EVA, no PVC, non-toxic, and no harmful chemicals.
LIGHTWEIGHT & EASY CARRY -Accessories include yoga mat bag, storage straps and stretch straps. It's so light that you can take it to the gym or wherever you want for yoga, pilates, stretching and toning workouts.
No Lingering Odors: Your yoga mat should not disrupt your practice (or your neighbor's practice) while at home or at yoga class. This Natural, Eco-friendly TPE mat does not have that strong lingering smell like other mats have.
Your Kid Stays Fit While Having Fun with this premium set of sport boxing set that will help them let steam off, strengthen their muscles, build confidence and boost hand-eye coordination. It is the best way to keep your little angels happily fit and active indoors or outdoors, in the garden, the playground, the porch or the privacy of their own room.
Superior, non-slip grip on both sides
✅ MAKE EVERY WORKOUT COUNT: Ultra-Thin yet EXTREMELY effective fabric that's breathable, comfortable and super quick-to dry. Make the most out of ANY physical activity. This vest wont add any bulkiness to your workout outfit.
DURABILITY & COMFORT: The Sweat Shaper Waist Trimmer has been engineered so that it's incredibly light and comfortable to wear even for long periods while providing all the muscle and core support you need. It molds and moves with your core and waist during workouts at the gym, yoga, cardio, cycling, or simply running errands. Sweat Shaper is exceptionally flexible, versatile, and discreet. Wear it underneath your clothes, and no one will suspect you're wearing a sauna belt.
Freestanding punching bag creates an ideal angle for perfecting your kicks and strength-building; Recommended for indoor use only
💪【Manufacturer 1-Year Service】- We offer 1-Year Warranty and 90-Day Money-Back Guarantee for YOU Resistance bands. If you are not satisfied with our resistance bands, find your order and please feel free to contact us, we can offer a full refund or a new replacement.FREE, No Need to Return Package.
🥊 PREFECT PUNCH FOR THE GREAST PRICE - Ideal gift for any family or friends, Suitable to use at home, or light gym use
The perfect gift for all ages: Everyone is guaranteed to have a blast! Makes a great addition to the bedroom, game room, dorm, garage, or play area.
👊【Professional Protection】Constructed with 3 layer padding foam and pre-curved anatomic hand design, our high quality 12oz gloves give the best protection for you with shock absorption. Make sure you can boxing with confidence!
【Fashion & Function】The Unique contrasting color design of wrist weights sets. Unisex and eye-catching. Weight loss bracelet is a perfect gift for the stylish workout enthusiast, perfect for office, home, gym, or travel use. Lightweight and easy to carry. 2LB small Cali weights bracelet becomes a fitness accessory that you can carry anytime and anywhere.Which trains your hand, foot, arm or leg strength before you know it.
CARE:Dip arag into the soapy water, then clean the mat from top to bottom, prioritizing dirty spots, using a circular motion. Wipe the mat clean with a towel
Fit for Most Mat Sizes: Crafted specifically to carry yoga mats in an Easy, Gender Neutral, Shoulder Strap Tote Bag Form. No more hassle packing and carrying your yoga gear to and from the studio. Just Slide On Your Shoulder And Go! Dimensions are 35"x13.5"
● Heavy Punching Bags is empty and can contain rags, sawdust, sand, beans and other objects. After filling, the sandbag can absorb shock to reduce impact and protect bones.
Designed with reinforced top loop for an extra-long life
Made of durable head leather for longevity and has a tough nylon lining to withstand even the fastest hard hitting punches
Everything You Need in One Box - The stitched punching bag can be inflated in no time, with water or sand at the base making sure your kid can keep on punching without stopping.
Prevent scratches: Please gently open the package of the box, do not open the package with sharp things, to avoid scratching the Inflatable Punching bag of the box.
✅ HEAVY DUTY CONSTRUCTION: Handmade and twin layered; these Patent Pending heavy bags are almost indestructible
DURABLE THICK TOUGHTEK – Made just for your pure punching pleasure. Kick it, punch it take out your aggression or train for the upcoming fight, it will always ask for more. Crafted with top grade synthetic leather, filled with shredded textile material .
One of a Kind - New release on the market, we have improved the product to make this boxing speed bar more durable. Its main purpose is to train your boxing speed, agility and reflexes.
BARBELL SQUAT PAD SET: It includes Barbell Squat Pad, 2 Gym Ankle Straps, 1 Strength Fabric Hip Resistance Band and 1 carry bag. The ankle straps fit any sizes ankles will help you improve leg strength and hip abductor muscle.The Hip Resistance Band will let you get your perfect booty & legs,enhances hip lift, leg shaping and body shaping, suitable for P90x, Crossfit, Yoga, Pilate and more
PUNCHING BAG: 70-pound boxing bag is made of premium synthetic leather with reinforced webbing and superior construction for durability and functionality. Made of a specially blended filler mix of sanitized synthetic and natural fibers that provide excellent shock absorbency
【Easy to Fold & Carry】The yoga mat can fold up easily, making it the ideal travel yoga mat. It must be a perfect travel mat set for everyone. Pefectly fit for your hot yoga, pilates, family picnic and travel. Moreover you can have a rest after exercise.
✅Black V Handle with Rotation(Double D Handle) - Constructed of high-quality solid steel with electrophoresis coating .Textured rubber coating handle,provides ergonomic & secured grip during workout, provides a balanced force to both arms when attach it to any gym machine.
FOLDABLE: Foldable multifunctional abdominal trainer allow you do aerobic cardiovascular exercise at home or office to keep fitness and gain stamina anytime,avoid space occupation. Easy to Assemble in minutes.
ALL SPORTS & ALL PURPOSE | Jayefo Youth Boxing Punching Gloves Are Great To Use With Sparring Set, Kids Boxing Set, Kids Heavy Bag, Kids Boxing Bag, Kids Punching Bag. Jayefo Kids Boxing Gloves Can Be Used In MMA, Boxing, Muay Thai, Kickboxing, Judo, Karate, Self Defense, Krav Maga Training.
MINIMALISM & ATHLEISURE shoulder purse: </br>Main Pocket Room Size: , L: 36cm /14inch, H: 40cm/16inch ,W: 7.5cm/3 inches. Crossbody purse Weight: 350g / 0.7 pounds,
Best for age 2-5 years old
Air Dry,Hand Wash
【Square Tube Design & Superior Stability】 This power tower whole body are made of square tubes, which has a larger contact with the ground, The base‘s tube use extra thicken 0.1in than before, more stablity in using. load capacity up to 350lbs.
Fashion Designation: The goalkeeper armor shirt with fashion V-neck Collar, reinforced neckline, thickened seams, 3D cutting, durable and deformation, comfortable to wear, firm stitching and pull-resistant. The Goalkeeper armor pant with high-elastic waistband, double-layer lines and fixed thickened sponge at the knee for preventing damage and friction off-line during exercise.
Comes in sizes of 1LB-Pink, 2LB-Lavender, 3LB-Green, 4LB-Red, 5LB-Blue
♦ 360° Rotating bearing: The speed ball can rotate 360°, which improve the rebounce speed of the punching ball. The platform has a built-in swivel, the striking direction is flexible, which is convenient for training.
FREE MAT SLING : Only 2.9 lb Light weight. Its ideal for taking to classes in your gym or retreats.
Trust KORIKAHM product, you will have a good quality product and excellent training experience.
Daily Crossbody Shoulder Handbag：Top-handle crossbody bag has two top 4" blue handles and adjustable shoulder strap. Handbag can use the tote as top-handle bag Shoulder bag or crossbody bag. The adjustable shoulder strap drop 16”-26" for easy over the shoulder carrying
STRONG ORIGINAL WIRE SPRING: Strong and thick spring, effective rebound up to 90°, great for training your reaction, accuracy, and agility. The bottom hitting body can not only exercise the leg muscles, lose weight, but also improve your coordination and reaction speed.
13" x 68"
【Fastest Customer Service Response】Please feel free to contact us for support if needed. We will reply within 12 hours. We will send you a new replacement for free if you find a defective product.
Soft Jump Rope - Our jump rope is made of high quality polyester and covered with silicon protective case to ensure maximum service life. The rope is 9.84 feet long and 0.31 inches(8mm) in diameter, 0.5 lbs weight.
2 IN 1 WAIST BODY SHAPER SAUNA SUITS! Waist trimmer belt and sweat vest all in one! U-shaped design on the front chest makes your girls no longer have a sense of restraint, effectively push up and gather your breast to prevent sagging while show a sexy curve. Not only does the slimming sauna vest provides that suction in the waist, but has that thermo action going throughout the entire back. So this hot polymer sauna suits for women is suitable for women who burn waist fat and hate back fat!
👊 【UPGRADED SHOCK ABSORBING SYSTEM】The most ergonomic cushioning design, can be removed for less vibration to do intensive strength training.
DURABLE – High-density foam gives comfort and the perfect amount of firm support for your back and spine while challenging your core muscles
【Adjustable Heights】You can adjust the platform among 4-inch, 6-inch and 8-inch high of your exercise step. 3 different settings for more strenuous exercise, increase your calorie burn. Comes with 4 height risers; Just insert the risers into the bottom to make it higher, and take them out to reduce height to adjustable to your desired resistance. Great for cardio workouts and lower body strength training.
PERFECT FOR BUILDING MUSCLES AND BURNING CALORIES! The punching bag is made from highly reliable and durable power-hide synthetic leather that can withstand your power punches. It helps you work out your whole body, build muscles, and burn calories. At the same time, it also helps you improve your balance, reaction time, and focus.
D-ring on bottom
This kicking bag is beneficial for computer and mobile phone addicted kids to encourage them to playing and avoid vision lose
SEAT SLIDING TRACK – This exercise equipment boasts an adjustable seat and back pad with a slide track to conform to proper lifting positions. It allows you to achieve the enhanced benefits of an intense workout performed with precise body alignment.
✧Slip Resistance: The pattern design on the bottom of the sports mat has a well grip effect, so you don’t have to worry about the mat moving during exercise.
🎁【ONE SIZE FITS MOST】This Kids inflatable punching bags suitable for kids over 5 years old, stands at over 65inches tall. The inflatable boxing is safe(due to the bag is filled with air), even if it is used by children, it will not hurt. Cute beginner punching bag or karate practice bag.
PREMIUM QUALITY – Crafted from strong ABS material, the infinity hoop is incredibly durable and safe to use. It will last you for many years to come! Includes a hoop, gravity ball, and bonus LED counte
[Fits Anyone from Kids to Adults]. 3 difficulty level boxing ball (25g 65g 85g) with our new adjustable string length design, you can switch between multiple users without the need to retie the string every time you switch like all other punching balls on the market.
Padded with multi-layered foam for maximum protection and shock absorption
- PERFECT YOUR FORM: Work yourself up to the perfect pull-up one rep at a time. Whatever your experience level or weight, we have the pull-up assistance band to match. Check out our handy fitness band guide from the photos and find the right single band or bundle for you.
HIGH QUALITY:This sandbag is made of 3 layers of material-thickened Oxford cloth, high-elastic sponge layer and high-density lining, strong and wear-resistant, with longer service life.
Size: 26 inches x 71 inches, Extra Thick: 1 mm thicknes, double layer structure design enhance grip and antiskid, suitable to practice many forms.
A+ Service: Free replacement or parts guarantee for any quality problem within 1 year, satisfaction guaranteed.
LIFETIME WARRANTY - StringyBall manufactures high quality and dependable products. If your StringyBall ever breaks or is damaged due to a manufacturing defect, just return it to us, and we will fix it, or if we can't, we will replace it. The squeeze balls are manufactured using 100% 1st-grade Thermoplastic Rubber; they are Hypoallergenic, Non-Toxic, BPA-free, Phthalates-free, Latex-free, and Odor-free - WASHABLE and LONG LASTING
Educational and Creative Toy: It is a nice STEM robot kit to inspire kid's imagination and creativity, from simple to complex levels, exercising your kid's problem solving and hands-on ability. Makes the perfect parents and children team project. Enrich your child’s mind with the interactive challenges of building their own robots!
efficient and helpful
📌FULLY LOADED MACHINE – Eilison vibration platform machine is fully loaded fitness plate this machine has BLUETOOTH SPEAKERS with TOUCH PANEL, Maximum speed is 1 – 120 Strong vibration which we get from our premium super strong NOISELESS MOTOR.
Adjustable Height for Adult & Kids: The punching bag with stand is height adjustable from 42.5 inches to 60 inches, which is perfect for kids and adult.
Dripex Upgrade Version Freestanding Punching Bag - Stands approx 70’’/178cm tall. Great adult or teens (47-73’’ tall). Suitable for fitness at home, doing aerobic training or Mixed Martial Arts ("MMA") indoor or outdoor freely. Easy to install, can enjoy professional boxing training anytime, anywhere.
【Lightweight & Convenient】The yoga mat is equipped with a yoga storage bag. When you storage fitness mat, going to and from the yoga studio, gym, beach, park, outdoor activities or wherever you want to, you can fold it into the bag.
MULTIPLE BENEFITS: Offers you a multitude of health benefits such as helping you burn fat, lose weight, tone and retain your body as well as improving your cardio.
* Shock Absorption-- The sandbag is empty, you can put things like rag, saw dust, sand, beans in it. After padded, the sandbag can absorb shock to decrease the impacts and protect your bones.
ULTIMATE CUSH 8mm. At 8mm our mat is the thickest most luxurious mat on the market. Giving you the ultimate CUSH.
Burn calories and keep fit: boxing is a great gym alternative. It will affect all muscle groups. It will really burn your arms, chest, shoulders and upper back. It is very suitable for calorie burning and conditioning.
[Works While Standing or Sitting] The trainer works perfectly when you are standing or sitting and it also accommodates the specific needs of individuals in physical rehabilitation programs and in wheelchairs.
[Wide Advantage & Portability] The hand and forearm trainer is useful for cardio-aerobic conditioning and toning muscles. Further, it is made to emulate the movement of a boxer, when punching a speed bag. This trainer is portable too, so that you can work out on the go.
Anti-slip hex nut fit all 25mm standard weight lifting barbells or dumbbell bars.
Durable-This fitness mat and yoga mat are made of durable foam, which is light but strong and can withstand daily use. This heat-resistant NBR sports mat material can prevent cracking, chipping and tearing.
Multipurpose: This box stand trains coordination and reflexes - Lose weight having fun - No more sweating in the gym - Get rid of stress and frustration!
CARE INSTRUCTION: Spot clean with damp cloth with cold water and mild detergent, dry flat. Pls don't expose to the sun for extended periods of time, we accept your return for full money refund with 30 days,100% satisfaction of after-sale service.
COMFORTABILITY: High density 5mm foam guarantees protection for sensitive joints to provide you cushion to our body
5/8" Ultra thick mat with Spoga Comfort Foam technology provides amazing impact absorption and comfort
6mm thick design, the fitness mats provide more cushion to ensure comfort & safety during exercise.
👊 PERFECT FOR STRESS RELIEF, WORKOUT SESSIONS & MMA TRAINING: Put on the included comfortable gloves and safely knock out your frustrations or switch up your fitness regime with our punching ball set. It will help raise your heart rate for a great workout while helping you develop timing, speed and accuracy of hand and eye coordination.
This long full length heavy bag is unbeatable in both quality and price for professional and amateur boxers
Machine washable and durable to use in the gym, a home gym, or as a travel towel
NEW EXTRA WIDE BANDS The bands now come also in a newer version with the same thickness and length as the original ones. The difference is the width which measures 4". Instead of using two 2" bands, you can get the wider one.
[ONLY one hand grip strengthener in the world] All GD's products are designed, developed, and manufactured in our own facility in South Korea. GD Iron Grip is PATENTED(NO. US 9,415,262 B2) to protect and provide the best service our customers deserve.
❤ NON-SLIP – A non-slip surface adheres to the floor; the ribbed design provides grip and stability for a safe practice
An exceptional staple for Restorative and Yin Yoga
✔【Multipurpose】- This best exercise mat is easy to folding and roll up, doesn't take up space. Perfect for home, yoga hall, beach park, gym and anywhere. Suitable for hot yoga, pilates, gymnastic, situp, aerobics, floor exercises, etc. It's the great gift for anyone doing beginners or advance yoga.
Premium yoga mat for at-home yoga practice or in-studio classes
【 Widened Base and Leak-proof Design 】The base of this punching bag set has an enlarged ground contact area to a diameter of 12.8 inches and the design structure is more stable. We conduct a tightness test on each base, to ensure that it will not leak out after being filled with water and sand.
MEET THE COMPACT WALKING TREADMILL-Our small treadmill for apartment special designed to fit with adjustable standing desk at office & Home office due to its compact size.
▨DOUBLE NON SLIP DESIGN -The design of anti-skid texture on both sides and texture on the back, features good cushioning and optimal grip. The yoga mat non slip shows the excellent anti-slipping on all kinds of grounds, for example, wood floor, cement floor,tile floor. keep you from slipping around. You can safely do any poses on the non slip yoga mat without worrying about injury!
Durable steel mainframe
BENEFITS – Great storage solution for home gyms with limited space; Easily and safely store Olympic weight plates off the ground; Easily adjust the height to your preference
Perfect for home or studio use, ideal classic exercise mat for all types of yoga,Pilates and floor exercises.
BAG GLOVES are equipped with gel foam padding to ensure efficient shock absorption and safe power transmission. It protects your hands from forceful impacts.
Reinforced triple-stitched seams
ADJUSTABLE HEIGHT - 7 Options for height adjusts from 60” total to 78” total
The waterproof NBR exercise mat is waterproof, easy to clean and will not absorb odor or deformation, which can keep the exercise mat or yoga mat fresh every time it is used.
STRENGTH AND PRECISION - Elevate your strength and punch precision with our specially designed punching bag for adults, tailored to enhance your conditioning, endurance, and mobility.
Durable Stress Relief - You can practice boxing and release your anger or pressure without disturbing others. Long-term training can lose weight, drive the whole body muscles, and shape your perfect line.
The best gift for kids aged 5 to 10 - Give your child the gift of an active and engaging pastime with the GaHoo Punching Bag Set. It provides a fun and educational escape from the world of touchscreen devices and television. This punching bag set is not only entertaining but also helps in developing important skills. It is 100% safe and suitable for boys and girls aged 5 to 10, making it the perfect gift for your child
This Hand shaped neoprene dumbbells design, allows you to grip the weight slightly without having to over squeeze.
Suitable for both adults and children.
【Comfortable Cool Towel】: Cold towels are as soft as silk, soft to the touch, and easy to fold. This lightweight towel can absorb moisture and keep it dry, reaching UPF 50 SPF.
Nylon
DENSE YOGA MAT Dense exercise yoga mats are 4mm thick and very dense preventing them from sinking hence giving your joints the additional cushioning you need during exercises like yoga, pilates, or floor workouts.
👊【Stable floor sucking base】5mm thickness Round base is engineered for easy roll away, with 12 strong suction cups beneath to stop base movement ( Suction cups on a clean and smooth floor will produce strong suction）Weighs up to 203lbs when filled with sand ensure max stability.
【Useful Yoga Strap】Perfect for yoga, pilates, dance, ballet, workout, warming up and crossfit, helpful in physical therapy treatments and recovery from injuries. Stretch straps keep your body in a better shape to withstand intensive exercise and improved range of motion, enhanced muscle recovery, reduced risk of injury.
Kids Punching Bag: Boxing bag come with a foot pump. Fill with water OR sand in the base. The bottom of the boxing column must be filled with 15 pounds of water and then inflated.
Heavy-duty base can be easily filled with water or sand to ensure a reliable anchor (approximately 130 pounds with water and 200 pounds with sand); Dimensions (L x W x H): 37.4 x 13.4 x 59 to 67 inches; Weight: 28 pounds
【KEEP WARM 】The women's wetsuit shorts pants are made of 90% neoprene and 10% nylon fabric, skin-friendly, breathable, perfect shape recovery, and a compression fit that makes you more comfortable in and out of the water and keep you warm in the cold water.
Positive words make this blanket more meaningful, give your love a surprise.
BUILT TO LAST: Made of high-quality plywood with puzzle joints, Non-slip Wooden Plyo Box is durable and can hold up to 450lbs
Make A Loved Kid Love You A Bit More! Put a wide smile on the face of a little boxer with the ultimate sport boxing set for kids aged 3-6! Spoil your kid, nephew, grandson or pupil with a stunning birthday, Christmas, holiday or impulse gift and make them remember you forever! Show your love and care with the best children’s boxing set on the market! Key Product Features
DURABLE LEATHER MATERIAL. To provide extreme durability and improved functionality, the Pro Impact Genuine Leather Speedbag is made using 100% top-grade genuine leather to ensure it can withstand multiple beatings time and time again.
◆【The Most Thoughtful Gift】 - Pregnancy and postpartum can be challenging. But, this set can definitely help you prepare for a smooth delivery while relieving back pain and soreness. It has been proven that birth ball exercise and stretching with a yoga strap are extremely effective.
FCS fin box & fin for increased control when paddling, GoPro mount located in front center of mat. 275 lbs. capacity
Years of experience in Yoga
- BUY WITH CONFIDENCE: You’re covered with the Garage Fit 100% satisfaction guarantee. In case of any issues, simply reach out to us and we’ll do all we can to make things right. Click ‘Add to Cart’ now and join thousands of satisfied customers!
👊IT’LL LAST FOR YEARS! at 48” tall (4 ft) this durable and well-made, leak proof plastic monster karate, boxing, kickboxing, knock down bop kids punching bag for training will keep them entertained - from toddlers to adolescents. Suitable for indoors and outdoors use, it encourages fitness and strength as well as hand-eye coordination.
✪【Multi-functions】Exercise 6 body parts, not just your belly, but your arms, hips, chest, back and legs, firming up your muscles, making your figure slimmer and having attractive abdominal muscles.
FOLDABLE YOGA MAT: Yoga mat can fold up easily, making it the ideal travel yoga mat. COMING WITH A CARRY BAG, which is easy for store and enhance flexibility strength and endurance. It is a perfect travel mat set for everyone. Perfectly fit for your hot yoga, pilates, family picnic, Playtime for Babies, Active & Calm Toddlers and Young Children and travel. Moreover you can have a rest after exercise
More stable, Speed punching bag stand has 3mm thick anti-rust steel plate includes 12 suction cups to stop base movement (Works only on smooth marble/tile/wooden floors). PVC bag can be filled with sand and water bottles to make the center of gravity of the punching ball set with spinning bar more stable.
【Stable base, small shaking】The boxing speed ball base uses 12 powerful suction cups, which can suck the ground firmly without damaging the floor. The base can be filled with water or sand, suitable for any flat ground, safe and stable.
SIZE: 14 inches circumference x 72 inches height; approximately 150 pounds when filled.
👊【Freestanding Kickboxing Bag 】Stands approx70’’/177cm tall. Muscle Splitter Punching bag allows you keep strike at it’s entire range of the body , for whole family work out -adults , teens and also a suitable punching bag for kids .Amazong gift for stress release and strength build!
Neoprene,Elastic
DESIGNED TO BE LEFT OUT | The Power Ring sheds all that is bulky, outdated and unappealing about the gym equipment piling up in your garage, basement and closet.
Individually wrapped
BATTERY LIFE - Lasts for 18 months (assuming 3 hour/week use) with user-replaceable CR2032 battery
【Comfortable Pads&Safe to Use】Added elbow and head pads, which made of high-quality leather, thick up to 2.5in, soft and breathable.Enjoy yourself during musle training and avoid injury.
Lightning fast pro style swivel is included to assure blazing fast results, masonry wall attachment hardware included, Speed Bag not included
SPRINGS BACK IN PLACE WITH EASE: Safe use, free standing kickboxing bag features a strong, durable spring at the base of the shaft. This allows the spring mounted punching bag to bounce back into position every time after every hit.
MULTIPLE USES IN ONE: This steppie balance board for standing desk is also a workout board, it can be used completely as a balance board for practicing anywhere; Great for performance enhancement, rehabilitation, strength and balance exercises
Work Your Entire Core - The ab exercise mat isolates the abs and takes the hip flexors out of the equation so that you can do perfect situp reps . Our quality fitness equipment provides complete isolation of your abdominals during crunches , leg lifts and sit-ups . This workout equipment for abs will not hurt your lower back making this your most effective abs workout
EASY INSTALL & REMOVAL - Unlike other pedal platforms, these seamlessly clip in and out just like the Peloton Shoes. NO TOOLS OR HASSLE REQUIRED
[SIZE] Base Size: 48 x 20cm/ 18.7 x 7.8inch(D x H). Ball Size: 18 x 25cm/ 7.0 x 9.8 inch(L x H). Adjustable Height: 136~154cm/53.5~60.6inch.
Easy Set Up – Includes Easy To Follow Instructions. The Base Of The Stand Easily Fills With Sand Or Water To Set Firmly In Place, And Ultra-Strong Suction Cups At The Bottom Of The Base Attach To The Ground. Measures 69” In Height And 20” In Diameter.
【For Various Scenarios & 12OZ Gloves】: This boxing bag works great on any floor such as marble, tile, wood, etc. You can put it in the home, office or gym, which will satisfy your strength and fitness needs. The 12OZ professional boxing gloves are constructed of hard-wearing PU leather and thicken foam to provide optimal protection for your hands.
Made from genuine cowhide with extra internal lining to give more strength and life.
Unlimited in-home service visits, no hidden fees or deductibles
👊 COMPLETE BOXING SET FOR ADULTS & TEENS: Our full punching bag set is super easy to set up and includes everything you need for a boxing session. The inflatable punching ball Speed Bag comes with a durable base, spring loaded adjustable shaft, a pair of comfortable boxing gloves and inflation pump for your boxing ball.
Heavy duty reinforced nylon straps with chain, swivel and 100% leather construction
RECORD EVERY WORKOUT - No more trying to recall what you did in your last workout; Record up to 100 workouts w/ 11 exercises per training session; Record every detail of your workout including your tempo, rest intervals & cardio
👊【Please note】Kids should play under parents supervision. Base will be more sturdy if filled with sand than other fillings.
The PROGEAR Heavybag made of durable heavy-duty exterior material will hold up to your most powerful assault in your home or commercial gym.
Improve Skills : Our 4-in-1 cube light-up games help improve brain skills, hand-eye coordination, and reaction time. It's perfect for home or travel. Requires 3x AAA batteries (not included).
[Lightweight and compact, you can carry it with you]: The foam pad can be easily folded and is an ideal travel yoga mat. It is easy to carry and store. It is very suitable for participating in yoga classes and sports anytime, anywhere. Easy to store and improve flexibility and durability, it is an ideal travel mat for everyone, perfect for your yoga, Pilates, Bikram, Ashtanga, family trips and picnics, and you can take a break after a short exercise.
Tri-fold design.
SANDBAG FITNESS WORKOUT BAG | Our powerful exercise bag is a highly functional accessory with 100+ possible exercises. Train like a titan and get garage fit or go rogue and take your weight sandbag anywhere. Just add Plaster or Mason Sand to your pouches to reach the acquired weight.
Hand Wash Only
Comes in 3ft, 4ft, 5ft
👊【BOXING PUNCHING BAG FOR TEENS】- Our boxing speed bag premium quality and stable & durable,constructed with attention to detail and top quality materials to ensure durability and longevity.The reflex ball cobra bag comes with a durable base.
EASY TO CARE: Spot clean with damp towel with cold water. Dry flat in the shade. Please don't exposed to the sun for extended periods of time. Made of high quality natural rubber, Fitness mat is sturdy enough, anti-tear, and machine washable
⚾ Perfect Gifts: Great gifts idea for sport fans, baseball and football lovers!, teens, boys, girls, men women. It also the perfect gift for your family, friends, mom, dad, daughter, son, girl friend and boyfriend for Birthdays, Children's Day, Mother's Day, Valentine's Day, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas.
Made from genuine leather and tough nylon linings, the top standard materials, to provide long durability and the best punching absorbency with the perfect rebound.
For use with balls
EXTRA THICK YOGA MAT: Two thicknesses (0.6 and 0.8 cm), choose your favorite workout mat.Non slip on wood floor, tile floor, cement floor,durable, high strength of tear resistance ,moisture resistant
Top: 100% Cotton, Pants: 100% Polyester
Tested in countless gyms worldwide, this heavy bag is perfect for intense use.
FABRIC RESISTANCE BAND: Made with premium comfortable strength fabric,will not chafe, slip, roll or stretch and will keep their form and resistance level. Use this booty bands for women can work your legs, butt, glutes, hips, arms, and sculpt your curves. Work with Barbell and ankle straps can increase training difficulty and achieve better results
Product Advantages: The rubber base is more stable, the strong suction cup is more stable, the environmental protection material has no odor, the rebound effect is good, the cushioning is good, and the hand is not hurt
MULTIPLE ACCESSORIES: Except for the boxing speed trainer, you will also receive a speed ball pump, and tools for assemble. This trainer is easy to assemble and store. Our full punching bag set is super easy to set up and includes everything you need for a boxing session.
FULL PACKAGE INCLUDE - Sports Equipment Organizer Parts, Hex Wrench, User Manual and outstanding customer service. Overall dimensions: 36 L X 16.5 W X 42.75 H.
✔INSTANT HOURGLASS FIGURE - Curve cutting on both side of the waist is on the basis of natural waist line, not like the straight line cutting other compression belts have. You can create an instant hourglass figure by just pulling all sides into your snug fit. The sweat belt with adjustable double velcro closure to make sure that the slimmer cincher is fastened tightly around the abs.The spandex belt outside enhances the compression and provides more cinching ability for the trainers.
SET INCLUDES (1) 42 x 19 x 19inch inflatable punching bag and (2) inflatable boxing glove boppers
✅ Known as the gold standard of heavy bags, just do some research on Outslayer bags and you’ll see that you are investing in the best product out there that will last you for years to come
SERVICE: If you have any questions about the goods, please feel free to contact us , we will do our best to provide the best service to every customer!wish you are happy life!
【3 Steps for Installation and Removal 】It is easy to assemble it, and follow the instructions or video tutorials to make it into 3 large modules, turn 3 screws, change the height you want.
✔【Thickened canvas】: We use the highest quality canvas material. The optimized weight is twice that of the unupgraded version on the market. It is more durable and provides you with a more stable and safe boxing experience.
12 Inches Tall
✔ Meaningful Gift ✔ Baseball Initial letter pendant comes with an Jewelry flannel bag , This fabulous necklace is a perfect gift for your friends, father, brother, boyfriend mother and son. Suitable for festivals：Birthday, Valentine's day, office party, back to school day christmas, Thanksgiving Day, baseball game.
PP package protection layer, effectively protects and reduces the damage caused by accident to the body, giving you a better exercise experience.
NO KNOTS, NO PROBLEM – Never pause your punches to untangle straps. Instead, focus on your fitness without tedious untangling thanks to your boxing accessories’ innovative knot-free rotating buckle.
100% Brand new and high quality.
ERGONOMIC, ROUNDED EDGE: Each Ruck Weight is specially designed with four rounded edges to fit into standard laptop compartments or elastic interior pockets. Plus, the smooth-edge design protects the floor and surrounding equipment from damage.
Widely application: Perfect for football, basketball, rugby, soccer, paintball, snowboarding, skiing, cycling and all other contact sports. Notice: cool wash it gently by hand, hang/lay flat to dry, do not iron, tumble/spin dry or bleach.
Easy to Set Up - Setting up the GaHoo Punching Bag Set is quick and hassle-free. The sand or water-filled base provides stability, and attaching the height-adjustable weighted stand is a breeze. Just fill the base with your chosen material, inflate the bag, and you're ready to go. It's a convenient and easy-to-use punching set that can be enjoyed both indoors and outdoors
EASY SET UP THAT SAVES YOU TIME; Connect the grounding cord to the grounding mat; Plug the end of the cord into the US safety adapter and connect it to the power outlet; Sit, stand, or sleep on the grounding mat and feel your body revitalize itself.; Suitable for Type B wall outlets only
SPECIAL DESIGN: With our amazing well product engineering, you don’t have to worry about air or water leaking. We designed a special air & water corks – The air cork has double locking for avoid air leaking, and the water cork built from hard silicone and has a sealed closure for avoid water leaking
ADJUSTABLE HEADBANDS - The headband is connected by hook&loop and can be used by both adults and children. Difficulty Levels adapt to any age or skill level. It doesnt matter if you are a man, woman, adult or a child, professional or a beginner, our boxing reflex ball on string will be your personal trainer!
★Ideal For Fitness Pros & Beginners:If you have a hard time getting chin-ups done or can’t manage to maintain the same energy while doing pull-up’s, it will assist you to make it easier.And if you're advanced,this kit will help you to add additional reps after your muscles fatigue.
Satisfaction is guaranteed; we aim to deliver high quality, durable products to our customers and outstanding customer service
HIGH QUALITY & DURABLE - Our grip strength trainer is made of heavy-duty plastic and reinforced metal alloy materials, unlike our competitors, which will break or even be made of low-quality materials. Durable and safe, it will not damage your hands and fingers, which will bring you an excellent user experience.
I am very happy that you can come to my shop and wish you a happy life.
Chain length:23.6 inchs;baseball letter necklace is very strong and suitable for everyday wear.
VIBRANT COLORS WITH A NEOPRENE FINISH: With bright colors and easy-to-read numbers, using training weights has never been easier or more fun, with a durable neoprene coating providing a comfy grip and protection against calluses
⚾ Size: This flannel blanket Size 60"l X 50"w. Machine washable, wash separately in cold water (preferably in a mesh laundry bag), air dry or low heat. If you have any questions, please contact us in time, we will solve it as soon as possible.
LIGHTWEIGHT & EASY CARRY: The TOPLUS yoga mat is light enough to carry to the gym or anywhere you want with the included carrying strap. DIMENSION: 72-inch x 24-inch x 6mm. Weight: 37oz
Sturdy and comfortable cover
✨【𝗘𝗔𝗦𝗬 𝗜𝗡𝗦𝗧𝗔𝗟𝗟𝗔𝗧𝗜𝗢𝗡】 This workout equipment storage comes with pre-drilled holes and screws to make installation a snap. With the help of clear instruction manual, you will enjoy easy installation of the whole home gym storage rack for balls and you’ll instantly have a fashionable, functional way to organize and display your sports accessories.
【Widely used】It is very suitable for office workers with work pressure and students with academic pressure. When you are depressed and need to relieve pressure, boxing at home is a good choice. Boxing with the passion of music! It is widely used in boxing, Sanda, Taekwondo and Wing Chun training, and is also suitable for beginners and professionals, beginners and even professionals. It is also an indispensable partner for weight loss, fitness and shaping.
CONTACT SPORTS ESSENTIAL: These Amber ToughTek heavy bags are the bags everyone needs in their arsenal. Buy them Filled
Arch Support: Light compression to reduce foot fatigue – hugs the foot and keeps the sock in place while running and playing sports
Colour: Grey Light
Innovative Concept: The perfect rug with a new generation of features, and its ergonomically engineered design.
--UNIQUE DESIGN: With metal buckles, the kick boxing bag can be firmly connected, which also allow you hang it wall or other tough item. Its zipper seal design promises it safe to use.
Premium Solid Wood: High-quality sling puck board games are made of sturdy wood, long-lasting material that is thick and firm for multiple plays. The two puck firing strings are made of strong and durable elastic.
FLAT BOTTOM FOR STABILITY: Enables upright storage, perfect for kettlebell workouts such as renegade rows, handstands, mounted pistol squats and other exercises
STRETCH STRAP: Use the strap to reach limbs more easily on challenging positions and to hold poses and stretches for longer - take your practice to the next level by using a yoga strap to deepen and extend stretches to gain more flexibility
PROTECTION WITH COMFORTABLE - Four-way stretch fabrics with high-compression fit ensure great flexibility and will never restrict your movement. Stay cool and comfortable under pressure with the KOOPOW padded sliding shorts.
Drawstring closure
🎁One Size Fits ALL, Adjustable: 157.4in x 4.9in(Product's L x W). Our wrap allows you to snatch your waist according to your comfort level, and also prevent bulging, and enhance your exercise and show your curve by helping to improve thermal activity and sweat. It is non-slip and smoothing staying in place no matter what you do.
◆【Safety First】 - The Tumaz Birth Ball supports up to 2,400 lbs and the maximum load of the Tumaz Yoga Strap's band is 2,383 lbs.
High Quality Ab Mat - Attached foam pad protects and stops abrasion to tailbone , prevents skin burn, and prevents the abdominal trainer from slipping during sit-ups making this the perfect exercise equipment floor mat for everyday use to get a toned and ripped tummy
Easy to use, squeeze, hold, release and repeat in your palm, thumb and all fingers, insert a finger of both hands and gently pull outwards; easy to clean, carry in a bag or pocket anywhere, anytime
【Easy to move】 Equipped with four 360 ° rotatable casters, you can easily push this storage basket into and out of the sports equipment room and leave it wherever you want
🏋KANSOON ECOTECHNOLOGY: Each pair of KANSOON WORKOUT GLOVES feature high quality palm pads constructed of 4 recycled silicone coasters.
🎁 A TRANSFORMATIONAL GIFT – Our Sensory magnet cubes make great SENSORY STIMULATION puzzle gifts and STEAM & STEM toy gifts for all ages. With every satisfying click, our shape shifting puzzle box ’s CALMING, THERAPEUTIC effect soothes away stress & nerves. Try our Gift BOX SET of 4: the ultimate Sensory toy set for loved ones to build killer EXTENDED STRUCTURES!
【30 Days Money Back Guarantee】 30 Days Money Back Guarantee: If you are not satisfied with resistance bands with handles or have problems, AMEXI offers 30 days money back and exercise bands with 2 years warranty, please email us to do the best for you .
【 Durable Punching Bag and Comfortable Gloves 】The material of this bag is made of thick and tear-resistant PU material, hand-sewn and sturdy, No air leakage, strong and comfortable leather boxing gloves can protect kids' hands when boxing.
DAILY USE - Its tough structure can resist abuse from both children and adults, and even if they use it as an Anti Stress Punching Bag, it will always bounce back for more. After a few days of use, you'll forget about boxing bags that quickly pop or shatter.
DIMENSIONS & CARE INFO: Stretching straps are 1.5"W and available in 6ft, 8ft or 10ft lengths and in a variety of colors / Hand wash; Dry flat
【Easy Way to Use】 - Just put the hanger into the hole of this space saver, then unhook the hook on its side, it will hang down, the hanger is still in the loop, stacking saves 80% of the wardrobe space.
Polyester, ,
EASY HEIGHT ADJUSTMENT: Intensify workout difficulty by adjusting platform height from 4” to 6” to 8” using risers to challenge yourself and burn more calories.
🔥BREATHABLE & STRETCHY MESH CROTCH🔥Crotch breathable mesh design of QZSH sauna sweat pants,after exercise won't feel sticky & sweat stuffy feeling,always keep dry.Super elastic,no need to worry about tearing when doing any movement,completely solve the problem that the leg can't stretch naturally when training.Good resilience,no need to worry about deformation and damage
STYLISH DESIGN: This set includes a button-up shirt, elastic waistband bottoms, and an all-over print of your favorite NBA team's primary and secondary logos.
Lightweight and portable - travels anywhere. Weight: 1.75 lbs, Length: 4 feet.
✔ WIDE ENOUGH TO COVER STOMACH AND BELLY - 25CM width fits both long torso and short torso, stay put during exercise. The waist trimmer belt also helps to trim your waistline while you work out, so you can see results faster. Our waist trimmers are Great for after pregnancy belly wrap,postpartum recovery, post abdominal surgery,c section, muscle toning, power lifting, ab training or abdominal strains, can be used during work, daily outfit, workout running or sports.
Polycarbonate lens
Balanced weighting system steadies bag during extended sessions; Ideal for coaching in boxing, MMA, and Muay Thai
Waterproof and dustproof, cleaning up the simple convenience.
Commercial Gym Quality Cable Handles: These are a solid upgrade and work great.The vinyl has good double stitching right above the clips and solid quadruple stitching where the vinyl connects.
NON-SLIP YOGA MAT: Natural, open-cell rubber provides a better cushion and grip than synthetic rubber or plastic. Natural rubber will change your practice – allowing you to focus on your poses instead of worrying about slipping. It makes a perfect exercise mat for men, women, and anyone looking for a nature-friendly, slip-resistant yoga mat.
QUALITY: RIP-STOP exterior shell. Triple stitched for superior quality. Our bags will not rip. These bags are hanging in many gyms across the world for more than 35 years and still holding up.
HIGH DENSITY FOAM: Our Squat Bar Pads are manufactured from tough, rubberized foam, providing a cushioned squat pad surface to protect your back and shoulders, and won’t flatten when used with heavy weights as with cheaper barbell squat pad designs
LOVE IT GUARANTEE - We pride ourselves on the quality of all of our products and want to make sure you are 100% happy with your purchase. This product carries our “Love It or Your Money Back” 30-day guarantee. Designed in Boston.
【CUSTOMER SATISFACTION】The package will come with fully detailed manual instruction.If you have any questions about the installation, or other problems, please feel free to contact us, we will give you the best solution.
UNPACKING NOTE: When you receive the courier, try not to use a knife or other sharp objects when opening the package. Please do not inflate too much
✨ AT FUN IN MOTION TOYS, WE CREATE toys that STIMULATE the MIND, BODY & IMAGINATION. Designed in the U.S. and Germany, our award-winning magnet cube is made to challenge the senses and build SKILL & COORDINATION and BRING PEOPLE TOGETHER for hours of fun. Your happiness is our #1 goal! If you need any help with your Shashibo transforming cube, our Happiness Engineers are STANDING BY. Click our Storefront to see our ENTIRE RANGE OF TOYS.
Keep Your Kids Engaged & Occupied For Hours: Fun way to decrease your kids' screen time and keep them away from video games. Assists children to release energy and stress to help them stay active and enjoy a quick workout at home.
♫【Good shock absorption effect, efficient rebound】: Boxing ball has good shock absorption effect, safer and quieter, toughness rebound, uniform force, nearly 90° efficient rebound.
Wood or painting are unfriendly to the exercise ball. So please keep the ball away from woodwork, wooden furniture or painted walls. And as cute as they are, your lovely pets could potentially damage the ball with their sharp claws so just a kind reminder to stay away from them when practicing with your ball.
🥊【For Your Healthy Life】Spending some time practicing punching everyday helps develop healthy lifestyle, relieve stress, enhance strength, lose weight and fat and stay off the internet. You can put it in your workout room, living room, basement and more.
【Best Punching Bag For Beginners 】An ideal training buddy you can set up anywhere you desire and punch your way into better shape and stress relief! It is quite convenient than hanging punching bag. The base can be filled with water or sand, so that can hold it steady as a rock. With the installation instruction you can easily install the punching ball in minutes
【Easy To Install】: The Complete accessories. Can be quick installed soon. You can start your boxing training at home or in the office like a professional boxer. Install it on the wall, you can hit it hard at any time.
Unfilled can be filled 70lbs to 100lbs: Jayefo MMA punching bag comes unfilled to make it more affordable boxing training bag also to save you a ton of money in shipping and getting it delivered the fastest.
[Perfect Gift for Kids & Adults]: For the birthday, Christmas Day or any other festivals, this inflatable punching bag is a perfect surprise gift for your kids to have fun. You can exercise at home and also interact with your children in boxing.
☺DREAM OF BEING A HERO Play soldier and accept mission, it's every kids dream. The army toys walkie talkies and durable survival bracelets are suitable for camping, hunting, mountaineering, hiking, and jungle exploration. You can keep in touch with kids at any time so that they can safely enjoy the adventure.
Olympic Adapter Sleeves are made of heavy duty and high quality plastic that won't break. Metal nuts and socket head screws are pre-embedded inside, so that the slip wire will not be peeled off.
【Versatile Use】Our handles are suitable for many places, Resistance band accessories, home gym, Pilates, yoga, functional training equipment,cable machine and Smith machine and cable pulley attachments for gym.
【Quickly and Effectively Relieve Stress】: Punching ball training allows you to instantly release the pressure accumulated during your day's work and quickly relax yourself. When you feel Frustrated or anger, you can hit it to vent your dissatisfaction, which will make your life smoother.
Good stability, Bottom thickened, Collapsible for easy mobilityls.Comes with a pedal pump, making inflation more labor- saving and quicker
LONG LASTING FOR YEARS OF USE: This dumbbell set is engineered with a steel construction for a higher quality build that is incredibly reliable and will last for years.
Length Adjustable - It can be quickly and easily adjustable from 9.84 ft down to your desired length within minutes. Suitable for all ages (adults, women, men, kids, boys and girls) and all levels of experience.
★PATENTED DESIGN: Easier to adjust the length, easier to fix it on the bar. BOTH COLORS ARE OF THE SAME RESISTANCE LEVEL, feel free to select your favorite one.
Convenient Storage: If you need to temporarily store or move the boxing spinning bar, it is designed for easy convenience. It can be quickly assembled and disassembled and does not take up much space, making it effortless to store it in a corner of your home or gym
INFLATABLE DESIGN:Olive shape speed ball, Inflatable inner bladder, with elastic rope at both side to be fixed, and you can train, sturdy. The ball length is about 35cm after inflation, the ball diameter is about 20cm.
Steel frame packed with multi-layered mixed density foam padding and durable engineered leather cover
❀ Inflatable Boxing Column Punching Bag for Adults Kids, Free Standing Tumbler Durable Martial Arts Stress Relief Unisex Sports Fitness Workout
✔ Baseball Letter Charm ✔ Pendant Made from stainless steel. Advantage is hypoallergenic waterproof, will not change color. Suit long time to wear and save. Worth buying.
🎁 An Outstanding Gift: Either you are an adult looking for fun football throwing with friends or you are getting a cool and unique gift for the little one, this glow in the dark football is an excellent choice and will impress anyone!
N.100.2410.997.OS
DURABLE MATERIAL FOR LONG TIME USE: Made from PE, PVC Leather and Iron, this punching set is damp proofing, anti-collision and rust-resistant. Once it get dirty,a piece of wet rag is available to keep it clean. Also, our boxing set features a strong and durable spring at the base of shaft, which allows it to bounce back into position after every hit.
FlexBar is portable and convenient exercise, rehab, and injury prevention equipment, packaging includes detailed exercise instructions
Comfortable and Breathable - These arm weights are wrapped with soft and stretchy mercerized cotton, absorb moisture, breathable, comfortable to wear, and skin-friendly.
WASHABLE AND REUSABLE: kitchen towels are machine washable and hand washable, they’re hard to be deformed or shrunk; and multiple washes won’t affect its cleaning effect and service life, which is more economical than disposable dishcloths.
Hight Quality Endurable Boxing Ball：Made of high-quality PU leather material, Tight gas nozzle design，it is hand stitched with double textile layers for better precision and lasting durability. fine sewing is not easy to break, triangular line is more firm, effectively improve the tensile strength, and have a longer service life.
Accommodate heavy bags up to 100 pounds.
STAND OUT - Feel inspired as you unroll an artistic hand design printed mat. Artist Tammy Machmali’s eye will inspire your mood and motivate your workouts with more focus.
Our Kicking pad is built and designed with only the heaviest of hitters in mind. High-density Anti-Shock foam offers you the absolute best in impact absorption.
【AFTER-SALES SERVICE】Goldfin Women's Wetsuit Shorts Pants offers excellent customer service, any questions will be answered within 24 hours. A chance for us and a surprise back to you!
The surface of the boxing ball is made of high-density PU leather and four layers of thick PU protection measures to prevent bursting and effectively improve the impact resistance. The stainless steel strong spring and the base are made of ABS engineering plastic material, which is environmentally friendly and healthy.
★ Ergonomic shape: Designed by professional sports trainers, our yoga knee pad and fitness pad has a concave center to perfectly accommodate your knees, elbows, hands and head while maintaining balance and stability
SOLID BASE & COVENIENT HANDLE: The strong base ensures its durability and your safety at the same time. By simply filling the base with water or sand, the standing punching bag can stand stably. Meanwhile, the handle on the bottom easily enables you to move this boxing bag to anywhere you want.
Sientific design, special new product in market.
Bottom patch and mid-leather band is wrapped at the widest part of the bag which adds the right amount of weight to propel the bag through its range of motion
Metal D-Rings - High Quality- Welded Steel D-Rings. Also comes with Heavy Duty heavy bag chain and swivel
☀【Easy to Clean & Warranty】The moisture resistant technology and high quality material make mat to be easily washed with soap and water. Please do not expose to the sun for a long time. If you have any problems, please contact us at any time, we will offer you the best solution.
The base of the powerful suction cup is firm and reliable.
Have different styles nice pattern, variety colors for your choice.
Breathable Gym Gloves: Great for working out and your hands don’t sweat that much and get ventilation
Three earth friendly layers construction.
Package length :27.94 cm
Multi-purpose: Whether you are looking for specialized yoga bags, carriers or just a simple gym bag, we’ve got everything you want! Our carry bags can double as sports bags, shopping bags, beach totes and even diaper bags. As a bonus, they are great gifts for all yoga enthusiasts!
Light Show and Fun : When you’re done playing, press the light show button to enjoy a fun display of flashing lights! This cube game is perfect for children and adults.
【WORKOUT ANYTIME ANYWHERE】These exercise bands are compact and portable, you can easily carry them with the drawstring pouch we provide. Start your training anytime, anywhere with these mobility bands, even while traveling, you can have your portable home gym.
【Stable Base with 12 Suction Cups】: The rounded ABS base is dedicated to easy rolling and relocating. Thanks to the 12 suction cups underneath, this punching bag produces powerful suction on the smooth floor and keeps in place all the time. Moreover, the base can be filled with water (110 lbs) or sand (220 lbs) for extra stability. Dry sand is recommended.
PROVIDES UNPARALLELED SUPPORT: The Guardian Baseball shoes for boys or girls feature a lace-up, synthetic rubber upper design that provides unparalleled support for the player’s ankle and air exchange vents for breathability.
GREAT GIFT IDEA. Our cooling towel comes with a carabiner cup, you can easily hang it over your bags while you go for camping or traveling etc. It also looks really fashionable and sporty, which makes it a great gift idea for your family and friends, especially in summer.
Custom designed Lightly Toasted Yoga Mat is guaranteed to bring you to the new heights. This cool yoga mat comes with various artistic and cute printed designs that will uplift your spirit to be inspired to stretch and sweat out your stress and tension
⚾ Occasion: The sherpa fleece throw blankets is enough large to keep you warm, perfect for snuggling up on the couch, bed, sofa while watching TV or at the chilly movie theater or having a comfy nap in your work. Especially for at home, office, outdoor camping trips, beach, driving, flying, travel, vacation, it will be an ideal choice.
Material: PU Lather; Height: 25cm/10inch; Diameter:18cm/7inch
EASY TO CARRY: With high density and suitable thickness, rest assured that your back, spine, knees, and joints will be supported and comfortable. Coming with Yoga storage bag for easy and convenient carry-on everywhere to perfect as a gift for your friends and families.
【WAIST TRAINER TRAINING BELT】WANFISTO waist trimmer belt is constructed from an inner premium neoprene layer with an outer polyester, designed to repel moisture and prevent uncomfortable bunching, breathable and flexible enough to move with.
LIGHTWEIGHT - Our inflatable free standing punching bag is composed of high-quality PVC material, making it lightweight and durable. The bottom features a thicker design that makes it more wearing and ideal for both indoor and outdoor use. When not in use, it folds flat for storage.
✅ FIXING MATERIAL: Our Punch Bag comes with 18” Wall Bracket, D-shackle Swivel, Chain and all necessary fixing. Made from welded 18-gauge powder coated steel for added strength and treated with Special Red Oxide anti-rust formulation is perfect for in and outdoor training activity!
★RELIEVES STRESS - Getting a good workout, especially a cardio workout helps purge the stress. And it’s good for the heart too. Plus, training Wing Chun forces you to focus on the here and now, not on your problems.
【Strong Grip】The surface of yoga mat has irregular texture, which can enhance the grip and improve the anti-slip properties. The yoga mat is no matter which yoga method you use when you practice, it will always stay in place and not easy to slide.
✪【Professional Abdominal Machine】The Abdominal Trainers Machine has a curve track design which exercise your arms, legs, waist, back, chest and hip.
Suggest filling with clothes, rags, foam, sawdust, sponges, etc.
👊【Improve Your Flexiblity & Releases Stress】: This 61 inch bounce-back bag will make a fun and exciting challenger! With bounce-back action that never stops, you and your families can release excess energy and frustration, hone their hand-eye coordination, and enjoy more family time by play together.
QUALITY: RIP-STOP exterior shell.
SWEAT-ABSORBING AND EASY TO CLEAN: After use, wipe the damp cloth with water and dry. Makes a great gift idea for yoga lovers, yoga teachers, men, women, or anyone who likes stretching and fitness exercises at home!
👊【100% Pro Gloves】: Constructed with 10mm thicken high-density EVA foam and pre-curved anatomic hand design, RORALA advanced 12OZ gloves create the best protection for your hands with shock absorption. Make sure you can hit with confidence!
Care instructions: Machine Wash
NEW PREMIUM MATERIAL: SGS Certified ,Thermoplastic Elastomers (TPE) can be stretched repeatedly providing superior durability. compare it to the traditional non-green PVC, NBR and EVA yoga mats. When dripping sweat, TPE material absorbs moisture, reducing the risk of injury and keeping you cool and cozy in any session, incredibly lightweight, extra soft to practice on and anti - skid.
FINE CRAFTSMANSHIP - Double stitches craftsmanship prevent sand leakage; thickened & widened shoulder delivers weight evenly and avoid shoulder fatigue, delighting your workout with ultimate convenience.
DOUBLE LAYER DESIGN FOR BODY CUSHIONING – Our Cork Yoga mat has a unique Double Layer design. One side has optimum grip and the other has an anti-slip texture. The thick double layer design protects the body and gives you ultimate cushioning to prevent injuries, offer comfort, and protect joints. The thick mat offers a fast rebound, taking strain off body parts while training.
✔ COMFORT - Our carefully-selected materials and innovative open design provide for extreme comfort, giving your hands the ability to breathe while doing intense workouts. The cushioned pads provide comfort and support, and gives you a reliable hold on weights.
ADJUSTABLE STAND FOR COMFORT: For Kids Age 3 - 8. This set covers all ages and occasions. It doesn’t matter if your child is tall or short. This punching bag set has a stand that can be adjusted according to personal preferences. This makes it easier for siblings to share the same punching bag set without having to go through any discomfort to the size of the stand.
Our filled boxing punching bags are equipped with high-quality Zero Impact G-core technology that is manufactured through Maya hide leather. Our punching bag provides No Tear, and exclusive technology helps this product take severest of hits and still last long with you without getting deformed.
Socks closure
One stop solution - equipped with 360 ° rotary bag hanger with hook and loop, connecting lock ring and hole bag hook, 4 rotating stainless steel chains to hang hole bag without additional accessories. Screw up the hanger and hang up the bag!
NON-SLIP LARGE SIZE FOR ADDED STABILITY - Don’t risk injury using a thin yoga mat. Our mat features a non-slip texture that grips the floor for extra traction as you move on the mat. You can safely do any pose and not worry about the mat slipping out from under you. The mat has a large size of 24" x 68". You can stretch, pose, lie down, jump, and move without worrying about hitting the floor
Perfect Size and Many Colors - Measuring 26" x 8" x 8" and weighing 5 lbs., it is the ideal size and weight for easy transport to your yoga class. The yoga bolster for restorative yoga comes in 4 different colors for you to choose: grey, green, tango and navy blue. Available in a larger size: 28” x 10” x 10”.
Genuine Cowhide Leather!
EXCELLENT CRAFTMANSHIP – Triple Stitched with Rivets for durability. Four Straps on top and one D-Ring on bottom for additional securing to the groundes with heavy bag chain and swivel.
☑️ A CUTE ACTIVITY TRACKER: Easy to achieve your exercise goals by tracking your steps, distance traveled in Miles or Kilometers, calories burned. Step counter up to 99999 steps and distance travelled indication up to 999.99 KM/999.99Miles
ANTI-SKID YOGA MAT is top-notch in quality. It averts hands and feet from slipping so that you can perform every yoga position with ease.
A great all-around functional training and conditioning tool; 10 minutes a day for a complete strength workout. Enough resistance for performance training yet ideal for active aging and rehab of all adults.
Size: Free size( Fit for Women US 4-9 ); EUR Size: 34-40; it has a certain elasticity, you can stretch it
Well made, punching ball set with spinning bar, Inflatable boxing ball made of durable pu leather, and sponge spinning barcan slow down the impact when you hit and kick. Stainless steel pipe connects speed punching bag and stand base.
GREAT BOXING REFLEX BALL:  Kids and elders are enjoying this competitive fun game, everyone are trying to beat each other by counting more consecutive punches. Reflex Balls are the new yo-yo for people that enjoy fun activities while getting exercise on the side! The fun factor and mellow learning curve are surprisingly addictive, the time fly by and you don’t realize how much you’ve been training.
Specifications: Item Dimensions:47 inch×47 inch×12 inch（L*W*H).Weight:33 lbs.Weight Capability:440 lbs.If there is any question about the item. Please feel free to contact us.
【Super Cool Gift】: Every kid wants to be as strong and powerful as their daddy. Our bag can help them build muscle, set up confidence and improve hand-eye coordination. It also allows them to learn self-defense and resist schoolyard bullying. You will see your child's big smile when they receive such a dream gift. *The best choice for birthday, children's day, Christmas...
PLEASE NOTE OUR BAGS ARE HOME USE ONLY FOR LIGHTWEIGHT FILLINGS ONLY (DO NOT USE SAND OR ANY OTHER HARD WEIGHTED FILLINGS)
Heavy-duty nylon straps and swivel are included
Filled with 100% made in USA shredded cotton textiles
【Adjustable Steel Stand】The length of the punching ball stand is adjustable from 90cm to 103cm to suit your doorway. Easily adjustable to fit everyone's needs.
[Multiple Usage] Not just indoors, but also can be used outdoors for its flexibility. It's also a great choose to put it in the office for a while relaxing. 
【Great Gift for Kids and Adults】Perfect gift as training Karate, Taekwondo, punch, drop-kick or Kung Fu. Great for enhancing hand-eye coordination ability.Works on any even floors in home, office and outdoors.
👊EVERY HOME WITH KIDS NEEDS ONE DUMMY PUNCHING BAG - Grandparents, everyone will love you for this perfect gift - kids AND parents. So keep the kids busy at your next family get-together or birthday party.
✅ [Shop this Amazing Extra Thick Yoga Mat]: In the unlikely event of non-satisfaction with our Yoga Mat, you can always count on our professional and friendly customer care. So what’s stopping you from owning yours?
SATISFACTION GAURANTEED! our boxing equipment and fitness products are backed by a 30-day money-back guarantee and a 1-year free replacement warranty.
【Spring-mounted Boxing Ball】Our free standing boxing bag features a flexible spring at the base of the shaft which allows the punching bag to bounce back into position every time after every hit. This feature makes it a safe punching bag for people who quickly get used to this functional accessory
❤ Extra thick for comfort and balance: extra thick fitness mat w/ mat strap alleviates stress on pressure points such as joints, hips, hands, and knees.
SGS certified TPE eco-friendly and hygienic material! Excellence Cushion.100% formaldehyde-free, non-toxic and PVC-free ;Latex free; Recyclable; Sweat-proof and no sticky construction; This new and latest material is quick-drying, ultra-soft & giving you a a more natural feel
LIFTING WAS NEVER EASIER & SIMPLER: Your happiness is our business and our weight lifting belt is the highly easy and simple to use and provides maximum strength to carry heaviest weights with ultra-back support
absolute freedom of movement
Great for Strength Training The weighted vest weighs 20lbs / 9kg, which is perfect for strength training, workout, crossfit, fitness, walking, running. Men and women even wear the weight vest for stairs climbing. The weighted vest helps improve cardio conditioning and body strength, giving you more power, speed, and agility.
COMMERCIAL-GRADE CHOSEN BY EXPERTS: Throwdown is the Original Impact Sports Brand, perfecting our products hand-in-hand with elite MMA athletes, trainers, and coaches for nearly two decades. Our 4’ heavy bag is used in elite commercial gyms across the country, crafted with premium materials that are durably built to last.
【Save space】Clear Valuable Floor Space In Fitness Studio Or Home Gym. Great space saver for your gym or home. Easy access to foam rollers and yoga mats.
2 Styles to choose from: set with 1/2" thick mat and set with 1/4" thick mat. 1/2" .thick mat dimension: 71" long 24" wide; 1/4" thick mat dimension: 68" long 24" wide
Perfect Fit: Each Arm Trimmer with adjustable magic straps that are designed to contour and flex around your bicep creating the perfect fit for your shape and size. Accelerate calories burning, burn arm fat, make your arm slimmer!
【Full Accessories & Easy Assembly】This kids hanging punching bag set includes complete mounting accessories and can be set up on top suspension, wall bracket and sand bag rack effortlessly. Carry bag help to move the punching bag and your little on can enjoy boxing anywhere.
Best Gift idea: You can interact with your kids to bring more companionship and greatest joy to your kids’s growth from this classic, simple, and fun board game toy. This safe darts board set is packed in exquisite gift boxes which is a perfect Birthday gift, Children's Day, Christmas, Halloween, Thanksgiving and New Year gift for boys and girls age 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 years old.
Thick and tightly woven
Waterproof surface repels sweat and dirt, Slip resistant, durable and tear resistant, high-temperature resistant.
HEAVY DUTY MATERIAL-- Our boxing bag is made of heavy duty Oxford cloth, great for MMA, kickboxing, boxing, Karate, home gym training. Bearing capacity of 47" boxing bag: 66lbs
FULL BODY WORKOUT: The abdominal wheel is not suitable for women with small arm strength, abdominal workout machine is designed for targeting your upper, middle, lower abs and obliquus, aim firmly at the target and reach the lower abdomen with bottom-up movement. Multi-sport mode to create a shapely body.
PERFECT GIFT– Our smart hula hoop makes a great gift for women, men, teens, and everyone who loves fun workout equipment. Surprise your loved one or yourself with this unique gift. Perfect for birthday presents, holiday gifts etc.
ADJUSTABLE HEIGHT: Easily adjustable to fit everyone's needs, our punching ball is perfect for teens 13 and up, youth, adults, men and women to engage in a supreme boxing session. adjustable heights ranges from 1.4-1.8m/55.1-70.9inch, compact design is easy to store in corners and save space.
5PC SET INCLUDES 1x Filled Punch bag, 1x set of steel chains, 2x bag mitts. 4ft (122cm) Pre-filled Punch bag, Approx. 18 - 20 KG (39 – 44 LB) (Maximum Filling Capacity 40-50 KG (88 – 110 LB)), 5ft (152cm) Pre-filled Punch bag, Approx. 20 - 22 KG (44 – 48 LB) (Maximum Filling Capacity 50 - 60 KG (110 – 132 LB)).
Perfect heavy bag for boxing, MMA, Muay Thai and contact sport athletes alike to practice kicks, footwork and punches
Convenient to Install: This boxing ball installation kit allows you to install it conveniently. Start training now! Burn calories!
* Firm&Solid-- The stitching of this sandbag is solid and delicate, you don't need to worry it would split or tear. Metal buckles can firmly connect the sandbag and metal chain.
Screen-printed logo for a stylish look
Free Resistance Bands Included: Add a bit of spice to your exercise and unlock the coolest balance board!
【Fitness and Fat Burning】The training tubes with ankle straps is a good fat burning workout equipment, this set come with a good range of tube resistance choices that are color coded and it come with the straps, handles and anchors needed to use the tubes,training bands set included an exercise guide,have a pictures depicting the workout.
🌺Great Gifts for Mom-Improve posture, promote relaxation, reduce anxiety, better your meditation practice with Hihealer meditation cushion. Purchase with Confidence. If you aren't completely satisfied, return for a full refund, no questions asked.
13-in-1 Solar Robot Kit: Kids can follow the step-by-step user's manual to build 13 different types of robots by splitting and reassembling, which can move on land or water. Includes the robot's moving and connecting parts like gears, plates, tires, and shafts. Parts can be easily disassembled after completion of every robot build.
🥊【Premium PU Leather 】Our boxing punching bags are made of 2mm PU leather for excellent texture. Tear resistance, easy cleaning, fast rebound. Multiple layers of highly elastic pearl cotton provide you with the best punching experience. 4 reinforcement bands with fixed rivets, double sutures and cross stress bands at the bottom.These are all designed to make our punching bag stronger and last longer.
【Sturdy & Multi-Layer Construction】4 Hanging straps are connected to the punching bag with double-row stitching for high tear-resistance. Our kids punching bag is made of high-grade PVC leather, wearable polyester fabric and shock-absorbing foam padding, which ensures fast rebound and durable and soft surface.
Upgraded Double-Sided Design – Our sticky, textured, non-slip top provides unmatched grip and comfort. Unique, circle-pattern bottom grips and prevents the mat from sliding around. Crafted from premium, eco-friendly, non-toxic materials with no latex, odor or smell.
LIGHT AND AIRY - Breathable mesh with a silky tricot lining for comfort.
Premium Quality Workout Equipment - The heavy duty high density foam exercise mats is perfect for a home gym with safe and comfortable design contoured to your lower back to provide back support. Compact, durable and foldable, it stores easily and you can take it wherever you go
【Home/Gym Organizer】: This yoga mat holder offers you an efficient way to store your exercise and yoga mat, foam rollers, workout bands and more at your fingertips.
The perfect addition to your gym bag and work out gear to wipe up sweat, cover a workout bench, hang on the bike or treadmill, use as a yoga towel, and more
Package Includes: you will get 3 light up baseballs,The luminous baseball will emit bright and bright colors at night, which can be used for practice at night, easy to catch the ball at night, see the position of the ball, and more convenient to hit the ball. Sufficient quantity can meet the entertainment needs with small partners, and can also be gifted to your friends
Suitable For Running, Fitness Exercises, Cardio, Biking, Hiking And Other Sports
Fits Models: BB90, BB90LS, BB90L
The Lil' Dragon Wavemaster is designed for the smallest martial artists.
【Non-Slip Texture】This yoga mat Suede on the front,no fear of sweating, the more Sweating, the more anti-slip, suitable for hot yoga.The bottom of the mat is made of TPE, provides excellent traction and superior grip
✔【Adult Heavy Boxing Bag】: The bag is empty, you can fill it up with sand, old useless cloth, cotton, sponge and more.The chain is packaged in the punching bag，The punch bag is used for boxing, MMA, Muay Thai and contact sport athletes alike to practice kicks, footwork and punches. Perfect for developing hand and foot technique and building nice body.
💪★ Design Matters ★ – Made of solid cast iron core for reliable strength. The rubber coating is easy to clean and reduces noise during workout. It will not damage the floors or other equipment. The fully knurled handles for maximum grip, provide you with a comfortable and secure grip on the dumbbell at any weight.
Our 72”x24” and 24”x15” yoga towels are made of 100% microfiber and feature prime absorption to provide slip-resistant and sweat-free workouts. 100% machine washable
✔STRONG BACK SUPPORT & IMPROVE POSTURE - 4 Flexible Acrylic Bones on the back, which functions as an effective lumbar back braces support. For sedentary office staffs, the slimming belt helps improve posture & release back pain. For the gym training girls, Our sauna belt trimmer reduces the risk of injury like a herniated disc and lumber muscle strain during fitness exercise.The unisex sport girdle is for both women and men. 4 bones are enclosed by thick canvas,won’t stab or jab your body.
Product 1: Elastic straps secure rolled-up mat; includes shoulder strap for easy carrying
360 ° SMOOTH ROLLING RACK: The yoga mat storage trolly features in 4 heavy-duty multi-directional wheels, non-slip mute foot pad, which is easy to move the storage cart anywhere and fits in a specific position
VERSATILE: Use the mat for anything from yoga, Pilates to stretching, meditation, and other strengthening exercises.
Tested & Approved | Hand and wrist-friendly design backed at yoga teacher and studio level | No yoga mats strap bolster wedge bricks blanket or towel | Latex-free Eco friendly
TAKASHI MMA
💯 SATISFACTION GUARANTEE: From kids boxing essentials to a toddler punching bag, every piece in this set is crafted for durability and fun. Trust in the SportsVelt punching bag quality and gift a kids boxing bag set they'll cherish! If you or your child aren't thrilled, we've got you covered with a free replacement or a full refund.
SIZE AND WEIGHT : Perfect for punching, kicking and building balance. The boxing heavy bag is 48 X 14 inch in size and 85 - 80 pound in weight. Chrome D rings included
Comfortable: The shoulder pads of the T bar row attachment are made of high-strength sponge and tear-resistant leather, which is comfortable and durable.
Kangaroo Pocket
Discover the lost art of slipping punches with this boxing punch speed bag
Welted seams
Professional heavy duty clip Stainless Steel chain
EXTRA LARGE SIZE -72"x 24". The 6mm thickness provides the most comfortable experience for all levels of yoga enthusiasts. It is longer, wider and more comfortable than a regular yoga mat, which can be used by most people.
𝐕𝐄𝐑𝐒𝐀𝐓𝐈𝐋𝐄: A proper cork exercise mat can help yoga beginners and experts alike. Even if yoga is not your thing, a supportive mat can be great for a variety of core workouts in the studio or at home. This durable yoga mat cork is made to withstand a variety of fitness exercises, such as hot yoga, Pilates, power, barre, etc. It is definitely a good investment for your health.
WEIGHT & SIZE – Measures 48-inches long and offers approximately 5-8 pounds of resistance. Simple clip-on system makes it easy to stack weight to keep workouts challenging and work various muscle groups.
brand: nike.; Department name: Unisex; Sport type: Team & Racket Sports
Ideal for ages 8 and under
13CM LONG CEILING HOOK has load bearing capacity of 100kg. Ideal for Punching bags for boxing, MMA training, kickboxing and variety of other contact sports.
Mobile rack stores up to 12 foam rollers or yoga mats
[Service] If you encounter any problems, you can contact us, we will deal with it for you in time
Compact and portable: Exercise anywhere, anytime! Finger pull allows for easy removal. Replace dumbbells in home workout programs. Ideal for boxing and MMA heavy hands training
Suitable for use in muay thai, kickboxing, boxing, and other martial arts training
SIZE: 14 inches circumference x 60 inches height; approximately 100 pounds
DISCLAIMER: The fabric filling will sometimes reflect or show on the bag.
PROMOTES MOBILITY, HEALING AND MUSCLE BUILDING Use Fitteroy Compression Bands to improve range of motion and mobility by reducing joint and tissue swelling and inflammation
Measures 34” tall, 12” Diameter, 9” bottom diameter
ZIP-CLOSURE TOP allows a maximum filling capacity of 50 - 60 KG (110 - 132 LB) for 5ft (152cm) punch bag and 40-50 KG (88-110 LB) for 4-ft (122cm) punch bag.
92% Polyester, 8% Spandex
42.5 INCH LENGTH X 16 INCH WIDTH ANTI SLIP STEP SURFACE: Slip resistant, shock absorbing aerobic step platform with four additional removable 16” x 16” x 2” risers provide a steady, safe, space-efficient and comfortable step workout experience.
ULTRA-PREMIUM QUALITY: Sweat Shaper's proprietary blend of fabrics has been carefully selected to create the ultimate waist trimmer for an enhanced sweating experience. The Sweat Shaper Waist Trimmer consists of two layers: the inner thermogenic polymer fabric increases your core temperature to promote sweating. The outer performance compression fabric instantly slims and shapes your body, and compresses your abdominal area and waist.
Sturdy hanging straps and swivel: Easy to install and use
Exceptional firmness maintains structural integrity
Includes a pair of 1 LBS injection molded polyurethane clubs
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED: We believe in the quality of DALLX muay thai heavy bag and the satisfaction of our customers. If you are not happy with workout training tool for any reason, please feel free to contact us.
Riveted attachment provides superior durability, Double-lined hanging strap discourages splitting
Inner Neoprene,Outer Polyester
Sweat-absorbent: the sweat wristbands with good absorbent can wipe off sweat from your face when you exercise or do sports, wick moisture away and dry quickly, making you totally focused in your sports
✔ Baseball Bat Necklace ✔ we put baseball bat designed to the baseball necklace. 3 colors for you to choose, Give this necklace to baseball players, your family and friends, give motivation and confidence to them. bring lucky baseball necklace for them.
Simple, easy to use: It can be placed everywhere, without deliberately, the living room and bedroom can be placed, and can be used conveniently, saving space when it is removed.
BLUETOOTH CONNECTIVITY: The treadmill exercise machine is compatible with Bluetooth and works with smartphones, tablets, laptops, etc. Get connected with the "FitShow", ZWIFT and Kinomap app and linked to "HealthKit" to record and collect activity data
👊【ADULT FREE STANDING KICKBOXING BAG】Works on any even floors in home and office. Stands approx 160cm tall. Great adult or teens (47-73in tall) gift as stress buster and strength builder.
Extra Long and Extra Thick
Multiple Uses: This punching bag is used for boxing training to build muscle and improve your endurance, speed, and accuracy. Meet all your training needs in boxing, MMA, mixed martial arts, kickboxing, Thai training, karate. It is a great fitness tool for the whole family and is suitable for home or gym use.
Leather cover
PERFECT PERFORMANCE: 6mm in thickness offers the most comfortable experience for all level yogis. Most mats are either too thin or too thick. BESTZO yoga mats are guaranteed to provide the optimal level of cushion and protection for your joints and knees while still allowing you to grip the floor for balance.
BASE LAYER SHIRT: Provides added insulation and protection when worn as an undershirt during gym workouts or outdoor activities. Underarm mesh vents keep you dry, cool, and comfortable during exercise.
Lift More Weight Easily: As the exercise intensity increases, you can add more weight plate on the leverage squat machine to increase your strength. Load bearing is 660lb.
QUALITY: RIP-STOP exterior shell. Quadruple stitched for superior quality. Our heavy bags will not rip. These bags are hanging in many gyms across the world for more than 35 years and still holding up.
🌺IDEAL FOR HOME-Our meditation cushion is designed to be used during mediation or yoga practices. Or used as a floor pillow or chair at home for working or learning. Perfect as a meditation seat or floor cushion for a peaceful and relaxing time.
The stitching is solid and delicate, you dont need to worry it would split or tear. Metal buckles can firmly connect the sandbag and metal chain.
WHAT’S INSIDE – Includes 1 Novelty Beach Mat that measures 33 x 60 inches, which is large enough for one person. Handy that you can bring this anytime and anywhere. It protects you from direct contact of the open ground with dirt and insects.
GREAT EXERCISE ACTIVITY. Practicing with this Leather Speedbag is a great cardiovascular exercise which also increases muscle strength and stamina. Not only does it burn off calories and keep you fit, but it also helps to tone and sculpt your upper body.
Rest peacefully – yogasana is the best value in a yoga mat no need for replacement every year like rubber mats we offer a 15 year warranty practice on the mat if you aren't happy - return it - no Sweat
Smooth and variable resistive workout. Automatically adjusts to the fitness level of the user. Challenges every major muscle group.
WITH APP CONTROL, BLUETOOTH SPEAKER, PHONE HOLDER & REMOTE CONTROL — APP control is perfect to record exercise data. Connect the treadmill to your phone through Bluetooth, so you can play music while you are exercising. You can also use the phone holder to watch videos or chat with friends. The remote control (BATTERY NOT INCLUDED) is convenient to adjust the speed of movement and stop instantly. Equipped with a safety key to shut down immediately in an emergency to protect your safety.
Foam Rollers For Muscles – LuxFit High Density Foam Roller is great for Physical Therapy, before or after Exercise, Yoga, and Massage Therapy. Foam Muscle Rollers helps to relieve Muscles Tension and increase Muscle Reflexology. Form Roller. Body Roller
Ribbed Cuffs and Waistband
LIGHTWEIGHT & THICK: 68"x24" offers adequate space to fit any type of exercise like yoga, pilates, bikram and fitness exercise.We welcome that you contact us via E-mail. Our mission is to provide you with an excellent shopping experience. BUY WITH CONFIDENCE!
◆【More Than the Birth Ball】 - Everything in our Tumaz Birth Ball Set is essential during and after pregnancy. The premium anti-burst "Exercise Ball" and our best-selling "Yoga Strap" assist moms in their daily exercise and physical activity. There is more, the "Peri Bottle" a must-have for each mom, helps them get over the tough postpartum recovery period.
Easy Installation - These interlocking tiles are designed for easy assembly in minutes over any hardwood or flat indoor surface, making it a breeze to add extra padding to your workout or play area.
SUPERIOR CRAFTSMANSHIP - Experience the pinnacle of quality with our Leather Extra Heavy Punching Bag, meticulously handcrafted in Mexico with the finest materials.
3.The yoga mat is light enough to carry to the gym or anywhere you want with the included carrying bag or strap.
【Grip Strengthener Trainer Kit-7 Pack】: The Grip Strengthener Trainer included adjustable hand gripper (22-88Lbs), 3 finger stretchers (6.6Lbs, 8.8Lbs, 11Lbs on each finger)，finger exerciser (4Lbs on each finger), hand strengthener grip ring (50Lbs), stress relief grip ball.
🥊 PORTABLE BAG - The ghost White Wavemaster Can Be Moved, Tip It Onto The Side Of The Base And Roll It.
Made in the USA and Imported
Cushioning and Lightweight: 1.97 LB lightweight and compact for ultimate portability, the exercise mat is 4 mm / 0.16 inches, more cushioning and protective than a thin yoga towel, and more comfortable to enhance your healing experience
EXTRA THICK EXERCISE MAT: These 6mm yoga mats for women and men are extra thick for added cushioning and support for both standing yoga poses and as a meditation mat. The non slip mat is ideal for most yoga routines.
